<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
Bread      OverheadBy FRITZ LEIBERThe Staff of Life suddenly anddisconcertingly sprouted wings—and mankind had to eat crow!Illustrated by WOODAS a blisteringly hot but  guaranteed weather-controlled  future summer day  dawned on the Mississippi Valley,the walking mills of Puffy Products  ("Spike to Loaf in One  Operation!") began to tread delicately  on their centipede legsacross the wheat fields of Kansas.The walking mills resembled fat  metal serpents, rather larger thanthose Chinese paper dragons animated  by files of men in procession.   Sensory robot devices intheir noses informed them that  the waiting wheat had reached ripe  perfection.As they advanced, their heads  swung lazily from side to side, very  much like snakes, gobbling the yellow  grain.In their throats, it was  threshed, the chaff bundled and  burped aside for pickup by the  crawl trucks of a chemical corporation,the kernels quick-dried  and blown along into the mighty  chests of the machines.  There thetireless mills ground the kernels  to flour, which was instantly sifted,  the bran being packaged and  dropped like the chaff for pickup.A cluster of tanks which gave  the metal serpents a decidedly  humpbacked appearance addedwater, shortening, salt and other  ingredients, some named and some  not.  The dough was at the sametime infused with gas from a tank  conspicuously labeled "Carbon  Dioxide" ("No Yeast Creatures  in Your Bread!").Thus instantly risen, the dough  was clipped into loaves and shot  into radionic ovens forming themidsections of the metal serpents.   There the bread was baked in a  matter of seconds, a fierce heat-frontbrowning the crusts, and the  piping-hot loaves sealed in transparent  plastic bearing the proud  Puffyloaf emblem (two cherubscircling a floating loaf) and ejected  onto the delivery platform at each  serpent's rear end, where a cluster  of pickup machines, like hungrypiglets, snatched at the loaves  with hygienic claws.A few loaves would be hurriedoff for the day's consumption,  the majority stored for winter in  strategically located mammoth  deep freezes.But now, behold a wonder!  As  loaves began to appear on thedelivery platform of the first walking  mill to get into action, they  did not linger on the conveyor  belt, but rose gently into the airand slowly traveled off down-wind  across the hot rippling fields.THE robot claws of the pickup  machines clutched in vain, and,  not noticing the difference, proceededcarefully to stack emptiness,  tier by tier.  One errant loaf,  rising more sluggishly than its fellows,was snagged by a thrusting  claw.  The machine paused, clumsily  wiped off the injured loaf, setit aside—where it bobbed on one  corner, unable to take off again—and  went back to the work of  storing nothingness.A flock of crows rose from the  trees of a nearby shelterbelt as the  flight of loaves approached.The  crows swooped to investigate and  then suddenly scattered, screeching  in panic.The helicopter of a hangoverish  Sunday traveler bound for Wichita  shied very similarly from thebrown fliers and did not return for  a second look.A black-haired housewife spiedthem over her back fence, crossed  herself and grabbed her walkie-talkie  from the laundry basket.Seconds later, the yawning correspondent  of a regional newspaper  was jotting down the lead of a humorous  news story which, recallingthe old flying-saucer scares, stated  that now apparently bread was to  be included in the mad aerial tea  party.The congregation of an open-walled  country church, standing  up to recite the most familiar ofChristian prayers, had just reached  the petition for daily sustenance,  when a sub-flight of the loaves,  either forced down by a vagrantwind or lacking the natural buoyancy  of the rest, came coasting silently  as the sunbeams between the  graceful pillars at the altar end ofthe building.Meanwhile, the main flight, now  augmented by other bread flocksfrom scores and hundreds of walking  mills that had started work a  little later, mounted slowly and  majestically into the cirrus-fleckedupper air, where a steady  wind was blowing strongly toward  the east.About one thousand miles farther  on in that direction, where a cluster  of stratosphere-tickling towers  marked the location of the metropolisof NewNew York, a tender  scene was being enacted in the  pressurized penthouse managerial  suite of Puffy Products.Megera  Winterly, Secretary in Chief to the  Managerial Board and referred to  by her underlings as the BlondeIcicle, was dealing with the advances  of Roger ("Racehorse")   Snedden, Assistant Secretary to theBoard and often indistinguishable  from any passing office boy."Why don't you jump out thewindow, Roger, remembering to  shut the airlock after you?" the  Golden Glacier said in tones not  unkind."When are your high-strung,  thoroughbred nerves going  to accept the fact that I would  never consider marriage with abusiness inferior?  You have about  as much chance as a starving  Ukrainian kulak now that Moscow'sclapped on the interdict."ROGER'S voice was calm, although  his eyes were feverishly  bright, as he replied, "A lot  of things are going to be differentaround here, Meg, as soon as the  Board is forced to admit that only  my quick thinking made it possible  to bring the name of Puffyloaf infront of the whole world.""Puffyloaf could do with a little  of that," the business girl observedjudiciously.  "The way sales have  been plummeting, it won't be long  before the Government deeds ourdesks to the managers of Fairy  Bread and asks us to take the Big  Jump.  But just where does yourquick thinking come into this, Mr.  Snedden?  You can't be referring to  the helium—that was Rose Thinker'sbrainwave."She studied him suspiciously."You've birthed another promotional  bumble, Roger. I can see it  in your eyes.  I only hope it's notas big a one as when you put the  Martian ambassador on 3D and he  thanked you profusely for the gross  of Puffyloaves, assuring you thathe'd never slept on a softer mattress  in all his life on two planets.""Listen to me, Meg. Today—yes,today!—you're going to see  the Board eating out of my hand.""Hah! I guarantee you won'thave any fingers left. You're bold  enough now, but when Mr. Gryce  and those two big machines come  through that door—""Now wait a minute, Meg—""Hush! They're coming now!"Roger leaped three feet in the  air, but managed to land without a  sound and edged toward his stool.Through the dilating iris of the  door strode Phineas T. Gryce,  flanked by Rose Thinker and TinPhilosopher.The man approached the conference  table in the center of the roomwith measured pace and gravely  expressionless face.  The rose-tinted  machine on his left did a coupleof impulsive pirouettes on the way  and twittered a greeting to Meg  and Roger.  The other machine quietlytook the third of the high seats  and lifted a claw at Meg, who now  occupied a stool twice the height of  Roger's."Miss Winterly, please—our  theme."The Blonde Icicle's face thawed  into a little-girl smile as she chanted  bubblingly:"Made up of tiny wheaten motesAnd reinforced with sturdy oats,It rises through the air and floats—The bread on which all Terra dotes!     ""THANK YOU, Miss Winterly,"said Tin Philosopher.   "Though a purely figurative statement,  that bit about rising throughthe air always gets me—here."  He  rapped his midsection, which gave  off a high musicalclang."Ladies—" he inclined his photocellstoward Rose Thinker and Meg—"and  gentlemen.  This is a historic  occasion in Old Puffy's long history,the inauguration of the helium-filled  loaf ('So Light It Almost Floats  Away!') in which that inert and  heaven-aspiring gas replaces old-fashionedcarbon dioxide.  Later,  there will be kudos for Rose  Thinker, whose bright relays genius-sparkedthe idea, and also for Roger  Snedden, who took care of the  details."By the by, Racehorse, that was  a brilliant piece of work getting the  helium out of the government—they've  been pretty stuffy latelyabout their monopoly.  But first I  want to throw wide the casement in  your minds that opens on the LongView of Things."Rose Thinker spun twice on her  chair and opened her photocellswide.  Tin Philosopher coughed to  limber up the diaphragm of his  speaker and continued:"Ever since the first cave wife  boasted to her next-den neighbor  about the superior paleness and fluffinessof her tortillas, mankind has  sought lighter, whiter bread.  Indeed,  thinkers wiser than myself haveequated the whole upward course of  culture with this poignant quest.   Yeast was a wonderful discovery—forits primitive day.  Sifting the  bran and wheat germ from the flour  was an even more important advance.Early bleaching and preserving  chemicals played their humble  parts."For a while, barbarous faddists—blind  to the deeply spiritual nature  of bread, which is recognizedby all great religions—held back  our march toward perfection with  their hair-splitting insistence on the  vitamin content of the wheat germ,but their case collapsed when tasteless  colorless substitutes were  triumphantly synthesized and introduced  into the loaf, which for flawlesspurity, unequaled airiness and  sheer intangible goodness was rapidly  becoming mankind's supreme  gustatory experience.""I wonder what the stuff tastes  like," Rose Thinker said out of a  clear sky."I wonder what taste tastes like,"  Tin Philosopher echoed dreamily.Recovering himself, he continued:"Then, early in the twenty-first  century, came the epochal researchesof Everett Whitehead,  Puffyloaf chemist, culminating in  his paper 'The Structural Bubble  in Cereal Masses' and making possiblethe baking of airtight bread  twenty times stronger (for its  weight) than steel and of a  lightness that would have beenincredible even to the advanced  chemist-bakers of the twentieth  century—a lightness so great that,  besides forming the backbone ofour own promotion, it has forever  since been capitalized on by our  conscienceless competitors of Fairy  Bread with their enduring slogan:'It Makes Ghost Toast'.""That's a beaut, all right, that  ecto-dough blurb," Rose Thinkeradmitted, bugging her photocells  sadly.  "Wait a sec. How about?—"There'll be breadOverheadWhen you're dead—It is said."PHINEAS T.  GRYCE wrinkled  his nostrils at the pink machine  as if he smelled her insulationsmoldering.  He said mildly, "A  somewhat unhappy jingle, Rose,  referring as it does to the end ofthe customer as consumer.  Moreover,  we shouldn't overplay the  figurative 'rises through the air'angle.  What inspired you?"She shrugged."I don't know—oh,  yes, I do. I was remembering  one of the workers' songs we machines  used to chant during the BigStrike—"Work and pray,Live on hay.You'll get pieIn the skyWhen you die—It's a lie!"I don't know why we chanted  it," she added."We didn't want pie—or  hay, for that matter.  And  machines don't pray, except Tibetanprayer wheels."Phineas T. Gryce shook his head."Labor relations are another topic  we should stay far away from.   However, dear Rose, I'm glad youkeep trying to outjingle those dirty  crooks at Fairy Bread."  He scowled,  turning back his attention to TinPhilosopher.  "I get whopping mad,  Old Machine, whenever I hear that  other slogan of theirs, the discriminatoryone—'Untouched by Robot  Claws.'  Just because they employ a  few filthy androids in their factories!"Tin Philosopher lifted one of his  own sets of bright talons.  "Thanks,P.T.  But to continue my historical  resume, the next great advance in  the baking art was the substitutionof purified carbon dioxide, recovered  from coal smoke, for the gas  generated by yeast organisms indwelling  in the dough and laterkilled by the heat of baking, their  corpses remainingin situ      .But even  purified carbon dioxide is itself a  rather repugnant gas, a product of  metabolism whether fast or slow,and forever associated with those  life processes which are obnoxious  to the fastidious."Here the machine shuddered  with delicate clinkings.  "Therefore,  we of Puffyloaf are taking todaywhat may be the ultimate step  toward purity: we are aerating our  loaves with the noble gas helium,  an element which remains virginalin the face of all chemical temptations  and whose slim molecules are  eleven times lighter than obese  carbon dioxide—yes, noble uncontaminablehelium, which, if it be a  kind of ash, is yet the ash only of  radioactive burning, accomplished  or initiated entirely on the Sun, asafe 93 million miles from this  planet.  Let's have a cheer for the  helium loaf!"WITHOUT changing expression,Phineas T.  Gryce rapped  the table thrice in solemn applause,  while the others bowed their heads."Thanks, T.P.," P.T. then said.   "And now for the Moment ofTruth.  Miss Winterly, how is the  helium loaf selling?"The business girl clapped on a  pair of earphones and whispered  into a lapel mike.  Her gaze grewabstracted as she mentally translated  flurries of brief squawks into  coherent messages.  Suddenly a singlevertical furrow creased her  matchlessly smooth brow."It isn't, Mr. Gryce!" she gaspedin horror.  "Fairy Bread is outselling  Puffyloaves by an infinity factor.So far this morning,       there hasnot been one single delivery of  Puffyloaves to any sales spot!  Complaints  about non-delivery are pouring  in from both walking stores andsessile shops.""Mr. Snedden!"  Gryce barked."What bug in the new helium  process might account for this  delay?"Roger was on his feet, looking  bewildered.  "I can't imagine, sir,unless—just possibly—there's  been some unforeseeable difficulty  involving the new metal-foil wrappers.""Metal-foil wrappers? Were       youresponsible for those?""Yes, sir. Last-minute recalculations  showed that the extra lightness  of the new loaf might be great  enough to cause drift during stackage.Drafts in stores might topple  sales pyramids.  Metal-foil wrappers,by their added weight, took  care of the difficulty.""And you ordered them withoutconsulting the Board?""Yes, sir. There was hardly time  and—""Why, you fool! I noticed that  order for metal-foil wrappers, assumed  it was some sub-secretary'smistake, and canceled it last night!"Roger Snedden turned pale."You canceled it?" he quavered.   "And told them to go back to the  lighter plastic wrappers?""Of course! Just what is behind  all this, Mr. Snedden?Whatrecalculations  were you trusting, when  our physicists had demonstratedmonths ago that the helium loaf  was safely stackable in light airs  and gentle breezes—winds up to  Beaufort's scale 3.Whyshould a  change from heavier to lighterwrappers result in complete non-delivery?"ROGER Snedden's paleness became  tinged with an interesting  green.  He cleared his throatand made strange gulping noises.   Tin Philosopher's photocells focused  on him calmly, RoseThinker's with unfeigned excitement.   P.T. Gryce's frown grew  blacker by the moment, whileMegera Winterly's Venus-mask  showed an odd dawning of dismay  and awe.  She was getting newsquawks in her earphones."Er... ah... er...."  Rogersaid in winning tones.  "Well, you  see, the fact is that I....""Hold it," Meg interrupted  crisply.  "Triple-urgent from Public  Relations, Safety Division.Tulsa-Topeka  aero-express makes emergency  landing after being buffeted  in encounter with vast flight ofobjects first described as brown  birds, although no failures reported  in airway's electronic anti-bird  fences.After grounding safely near  Emporia—no fatalities—pilot's  windshield found thinly plastered  with soft white-and-brown material.Emblems on plastic wrappers embedded  in material identify it incontrovertibly  as an undeterminednumber of Puffyloaves cruising at  three thousand feet!"Eyes and photocells turned inquisitoriallyupon Roger Snedden.   He went from green to Puffyloaf  white and blurted:"All right, I did  it, but it was the only way out!   Yesterday morning, due to theUkrainian crisis, the government  stopped sales and deliveries of all  strategic stockpiled materials, including  helium gas.Puffy's new  program of advertising and promotion,  based on the lighter loaf, was  already rolling.There was only one  thing to do, there being only one  other gas comparable in lightness  to helium.I diverted the necessary  quantity of hydrogen gas from the  Hydrogenated Oils Section of our  Magna-Margarine Division andsubstituted it for the helium.""You substituted... hydrogen... for  the... helium?"Phineas  T.  Gryce faltered in low mechanical  tones, taking four steps backward."Hydrogen is twice as light as  helium," Tin Philosopher remarked  judiciously."And many times cheaper—did  you know that?"  Roger counteredfeebly.  "Yes, I substituted hydrogen.   The metal-foil wrapping wouldhave added just enough weight to  counteract the greater buoyancy of  the hydrogen loaf. But—""So, when this morning's loaves  began to arrive on the delivery  platforms of the walking mills...."Tin Philosopher left the remark  unfinished."Exactly," Roger agreed dismally."Let me ask you, Mr. Snedden,"  Gryce interjected, still in low tones,  "if you expected people to jump tothe kitchen ceiling for their Puffybread  after taking off the metal  wrapper, or reach for the sky if  they happened to unwrap the stuffoutdoors?""Mr. Gryce," Roger said reproachfully,  "you have often assuredme that what people do with  Puffybread after they buy it is no  concern of ours.""I seem to recall," Rose Thinker  chirped somewhat unkindly, "that  dictum was created to answer inquiries  after Roger put the famoussculptures-in-miniature artist on 3D  and he testified that he always  molded his first attempts from  Puffybread, one jumbo loaf squeezingdown to approximately the size  of a peanut."HER photocells dimmed and  brightened.  "Oh, boy—hydrogen!The loaf's unwrapped.  After  a while, in spite of the crust-seal, alittle oxygen diffuses in.  An explosive  mixture.  Housewife in curlersand kimono pops a couple slices in  the toaster.  Boom!"The three human beings in the  room winced.Tin Philosopher kicked her underthe table, while observing, "So  you see, Roger, that the non-delivery  of the hydrogen loaf carries  some consolations.And I must confess  that one aspect of the affair  gives me great satisfaction, not as a  Board Member but as a privatemachine.  You have at last made a  reality of the 'rises through the air'  part of Puffybread's theme.They  can't ever take that away from you.   By now, half the inhabitants of theGreat Plains must have observed  our flying loaves rising high."Phineas T. Gryce shot a frightenedlook at the west windows and  found his full voice."Stop the mills!" he roared atMeg Winterly, who nodded and  whispered urgently into her mike."A sensible suggestion," TinPhilosopher said.  "But it comes a  trifle late in the day.  If the millsare still walking and grinding, approximately  seven billion Puffyloaves  are at this moment cruising  eastward over Middle America.Remember that a six-month supply  for deep-freeze is involved and that  the current consumption of bread,due to its matchless airiness, is  eight and one-half loaves per person  per day."Phineas T. Gryce carefully inserted  both hands into his scanty  hair, feeling for a good grip.  Heleaned menacingly toward Roger  who, chin resting on the table, regarded  him apathetically."Hold it!"  Meg called sharply.   "Flock of multiple-urgents comingin.  News Liaison: information bureaus  swamped with flying-bread  inquiries.Aero-expresslines: Clear  our airways or face law suit.  U. S.  Army: Why do loaves flame whenhit by incendiary bullets?  U. S.  Customs: If bread intended for  export, get export license or faceprosecution.  Russian Consulate in  Chicago:  Advise on destination ofbread-lift.  And some Kansas church  is accusing us of a hoax inciting to  blasphemy, of faking miracles—Idon't know       why."The business girl tore off her  headphones.  "Roger Snedden," she  cried with a hysteria that wouldhave dumfounded her underlings,  "you've brought the name of Puffyloaf  in front of the whole world, all  right! Now do something about thesituation!"Roger nodded obediently.  Buthis pallor increased a shade, the  pupils of his eyes disappeared under  the upper lids, and his head  burrowed beneath his forearms."Oh, boy," Rose Thinker called  gayly to Tin Philosopher, "this  looks like the start of a real crisissession!  Did you remember to  bring spare batteries?"MEANWHILE, the monstrous  flight of Puffyloaves, fillingmidwestern skies as no small fliers  had since the days of the passenger  pigeon, soared steadily onward.Private fliers approached the  brown and glistening bread-front in  curiosity and dipped back in awe.Aero-expresslines organized sightseeing  flights along the flanks.   Planes of the government forestryand agricultural services and 'copters  bearing the Puffyloaf emblem  hovered on the fringes, watching  developments and waiting for orders.A squadron of supersonic  fighters hung menacingly above.The behavior of birds varied  considerably.  Most fled or gave the  loaves a wide berth, but somebolder species, discovering the minimal  nutritive nature of the translucent  brown objects, attacked  them furiously with beaks andclaws.  Hydrogen diffusing slowly  through the crusts had now distended  most of the sealed plasticwrappers into little balloons, which  ruptured, when pierced, with disconcertingpops      .Below, neck-craning citizens  crowded streets and back yards,  cranks and cultists had a field day,while local and national governments  raged indiscriminately at  Puffyloaf and at each other.Rumors that a fusion weapon  would be exploded in the midst of  the flying bread drew angry protests  from conservationists and a floodof telefax pamphlets titled "H-Loaf  or H-bomb?"Stockholm sent a mystifyingnote of praise to the United Nations  Food Organization.Delhi issued nervous denials of amillet blight that no one had heard  of until that moment and reaffirmed  India's ability to feed her  population with no outside helpexcept the usual.Radio Moscow asserted that the  Kremlin would brook no interferencein its treatment of the Ukrainians,  jokingly referred to the flying  bread as a farce perpetrated by  mad internationalists inhabitingCloud Cuckoo Land, added contradictory  references to airborne  bread booby-trapped by Capitalist  gangsters, and then fell moodilysilent on the whole topic.Radio Venus reported to its  winged audience that Earth'sinhabitants were establishing food  depots in the upper air, preparatory  to taking up permanent aerial  residence "such as we have alwaysenjoyed on Venus."NEWNEW YORK made feverish  preparations for the passage  of the flying bread.  Ticketsfor sightseeing space in skyscrapers  were sold at high prices; cold meats  and potted spreads were hawked to  viewers with the assurance thatthey would be able to snag the  bread out of the air and enjoy a  historic sandwich.Phineas T. Gryce, escaping from  his own managerial suite, raged  about the city, demanding general  cooperation in the stretching ofgreat nets between the skyscrapers  to trap the errant loaves.  He was  captured by Tin Philosopher, escapedagain, and was found posted  with oxygen mask and submachine gun  on the topmost spire of Puffyloaf  Tower, apparently determinedto shoot down the loaves as they  appeared and before they involved  his company in more trouble with  Customs and the State Department.Recaptured by Tin Philosopher,  who suffered only minor bullet  holes, he was given a series of mildelectroshocks and returned to the  conference table, calm and clear-headed  as ever.But the bread flight, swinging  away from a hurricane moving up  the Atlantic coast, crossed a  clouded-in Boston by night anddisappeared into a high Atlantic  overcast, also thereby evading a  local storm generated by the  Weather Department in a last-minuteeffort to bring down or at  least disperse the H-loaves.Warnings and counterwarningsby Communist and Capitalist governments  seriously interfered with  military trailing of the flight during  this period and it was actuallylost in touch with for several days.At scattered points, seagulls were  observed fighting over individualloaves floating down from the gray  roof—that was all.A mood of spirituality stronglytinged with humor seized the people  of the world.  Ministers sermonized  about the bread, variouslyinterpreting it as a call to charity,  a warning against gluttony, a parable  of the evanescence of all  earthly things, and a divine joke.Husbands and wives, facing each  other across their walls of breakfast  toast, burst into laughter.The  mere sight of a loaf of bread anywhere  was enough to evoke guffaws.An obscure sect, having as  part of its creed the injunction  "Don't take yourself so damn seriously,"  won new adherents.The bread flight, rising above an  Atlantic storm widely reported to  have destroyed it, passed unobservedacross a foggy England and  rose out of the overcast only over  Mittel-europa.  The loaves had atlast reached their maximum altitude.The Sun's rays beat through the  rarified air on the distended plasticwrappers, increasing still further  the pressure of the confined hydrogen.   They burst by the millionsand tens of millions.  A high-flying  Bulgarian evangelist, who had happened  to mistake the up-lever forthe east-lever in the cockpit of his  flier and who was the sole witness  of the event, afterward described it  as "the foaming of a sea of diamonds,the crackle of God's  knuckles."BY THE millions and tens of  millions, the loaves coasted  down into the starving Ukraine.Shaken by a week of humor that  threatened to invade even its own  grim precincts, the Kremlin madea sudden about-face.  A new policy  was instituted of communal ownership  of the produce of communalfarms, and teams of hunger-fighters  and caravans of trucks loaded with  pumpernickel were dispatched into  the Ukraine.World distribution was given to  a series of photographs showing  peasants queueing up to trade scavengedPuffyloaves for traditional  black bread, recently aerated itself  but still extra solid by comparison,  the rate of exchange demanded bythe Moscow teams being twenty  Puffyloaves to one of pumpernickel.Another series of photographs,picturing chubby workers' children  being blown to bits by booby-trapped  bread, was quietly destroyed.Congratulatory notes were exchanged  by various national governments  and world organizations,  including the Brotherhood of FreeBusiness Machines.  The great  bread flight was over, though for  several weeks afterward scatteredfalls of loaves occurred, giving rise  to a new folklore of manna among  lonely Arabian tribesmen, and in  one well-authenticated instance inTibet, sustaining life in a party of  mountaineers cut off by a snow  slide.Back in NewNew York, the  managerial board of Puffy Products  slumped in utter collapse  around the conference table, thelong crisis session at last ended.   Empty coffee cartons were scattered  around the chairs of the threehumans, dead batteries around  those of the two machines.  For a  while, there was no movementwhatsoever.  Then Roger Snedden  reached out wearily for the earphones  where Megera Winterlyhad hurled them down, adjusted  them to his head, pushed a button  and listened apathetically.After a bit, his gaze brightened.   He pushed more buttons and listened  more eagerly.Soon he was  sitting tensely upright on his stool,  eyes bright and lower face all  a-smile, muttering terse commentsand questions into the lapel mike  torn from Meg's fair neck.The others, reviving, watchedhim, at first dully, then with quickening  interest, especially when he  jerked off the earphones with a  happy shout and sprang to his feet."LISTEN to this!" he cried ina ringing voice.  "As a result  of the worldwide publicity, Puffyloaves  are outselling Fairy Breadthree to one—and that's just the  old carbon-dioxide stock from our  freezers!  It's almost exhausted, butthe government, now that the  Ukrainian crisis is over, has taken  the ban off helium and will also  sell us stockpiled wheat if we needit.  We can have our walking mills  burrowing into the wheat caves in  a matter of hours!"But that isn't all!  The far  greater demand everywhere is forPuffyloaves that will actually float.   Public Relations, Child Liaison  Division, reports that the kiddiesare making their mothers' lives  miserable about it.  If only we can  figure out some way to makehydrogen non-explosive or the  helium loaf float just a little—""I'm sure we can take care ofthat quite handily,"  Tin Philosopher  interrupted briskly.  "Puffyloafhas kept it a corporation secret—even  you've never been told  about it—but just before he went  crazy, Everett Whitehead discovereda way to make bread using  only half as much flour as we do in  the present loaf.  Using this secrettechnique, which we've been saving  for just such an emergency, it will  be possible to bake a helium loaf as  buoyant in every respect as thehydrogen loaf.""Good!"  Roger cried."We'll  tether 'em on strings and sell 'em  like balloons.  No mother-childshopping team will leave the store  without a cluster.  Buying bread  balloons will be the big event ofthe day for kiddies.  It'll make the  carry-home shopping load lighter  too!I'll issue orders at once—"HE broke off, looking at Phineas  T. Gryce, said with quiet  assurance, "Excuse me, sir, if I  seem to be taking too much uponmyself.""Not at all, son; go straight  ahead," the great manager said approvingly."You're"—he laughed  in anticipation of getting off a  memorable remark—"rising to thechallenging situation like a genuine  Puffyloaf."Megera Winterly looked fromthe older man to the younger.   Then in a single leap she was upon  Roger, her arms wrapped tightlyaround him."My sweet little ever-victorious,  self-propelled monkey wrench!"she  crooned in his ear.  Roger looked  fatuously over her soft shoulder atTin Philosopher who, as if moved  by some similar feeling, reached  over and touched claws with Rose  Thinker.This, however, was what he telegraphed  silently to his fellow machine  across the circuit so completed:"Good-o, Rosie!  That makes another  victory for robot-engineeredworld unity, though you almost  gave us away at the start with that  'bread overhead' jingle.  We'vestruck another blow against the  next world war, in which—as we  know only too well!—we machines  would suffer the most.Now if we  can only arrange, say, a fur-famine  in Alaska and a migration of long-haired  Siberian lemmings acrossBehring Straits ... we'd have to  swing the Japanese Current up  there so it'd be warm enough for  the little fellows....Anyhow,  Rosie, with a spot of help from the  Brotherhood, those humans will  paint themselves into the peacecorner yet."Meanwhile, he and Rose Thinker  quietly watched the Blonde Iciclemelt.—FRITZ LEIBERTranscriber's Note:This etext was produced fromGalaxy     February 1958.Extensive  research did not uncover any evidence that the U.S. copyright on  this publication was renewed.  Minor spelling and typographical errorshave been corrected without note.... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
What changes Meg's mind about a relationship with Roger?

 (A) His jingle writing ability
 (B) His handling of the crisis at hand
 (C) His thoroughbred nerves
 (D) His deal with the Martian ambassador

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

