<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
Transcriber's Note:This etext was produced fromThe Counterfeit Man More Science Fiction  Stories by Alan E. Noursepublished in 1963.  Extensive research did  not uncover any evidence that the U.S. copyright on this publication was  renewed.Minor spelling and typographical errors have been corrected  without note.Circus"Justsuppose," said Morgan, "that I       didbelieve you. Just  for argument."He glanced up at the man across the restaurant  table.  "Where would we go from here?"The man shifted uneasily in his seat.  He was silent, staring  down at his plate.  Not a strange-looking man, Morgan thought.Rather ordinary, in fact.  A plain face, nose a little too long,  fingers a little too dainty, a suit that doesn't quite seem to fit,but all in all, a perfectly ordinary looking man.Maybetooordinary, Morgan thought.Finally the man looked up.  His eyes were dark, with ahunted look in their depths that chilled Morgan a little.  "Where  do we go? I don't know. I've tried to think it out, and I get  nowhere.But you've       gotto believe me, Morgan.  I'm lost,I mean it. If I can't get help, I don't know where it's going to  end.""I'll tell you where it's going to end," said Morgan."It's  going to end in a hospital. A mental hospital. They'll lock you  up and they'll lose the key somewhere."  He poured himselfanother cup of coffee and sipped it, scalding hot.  "And that,"  he added, "will be that."The place was dark and almost empty.  Overhead, a rotaryfan swished patiently.  The man across from Morgan ran a hand  through his dark hair.  "There must be some other way," hesaid.  "There has to be.""All right, let's start from the beginning again," Morgansaid.  "Maybe we can pin something down a little better. You  say your name is Parks—right?"The man nodded.  "Jefferson Haldeman Parks, if that helps  any.  Haldeman was my mother's maiden name.""All right. And you got into town on Friday—right?"Parks nodded."Fine. Now go through the whole story again. What happened  first?"The man thought for a minute.  "As I said, first there was  a fall. About twenty feet.  I didn't break any bones, but I wasshaken up and limping.  The fall was near the highway going  to the George Washington Bridge.  I got over to the highwayand tried to flag down a ride.""How did you feel? I mean, was there anything strange that  you noticed?""Strange!"  Parks' eyes widened.  "I—I was speechless. At  first I hadn't noticed too much—I was concerned with the fall,and whether I was hurt or not. I didn't really think about much  else until I hobbled up to that highway and saw those cars  coming.  Then I could hardly believe my eyes. I thought I wascrazy. But a car stopped and asked me if I was going into the  city, and I knew I wasn't crazy."Morgan's mouth took a grim line."You understood the  language?""Oh, yes. I don't see how I could have, but I did. We talkedall the way into New York—nothing very important, but we  understood each other.  His speech had an odd sound, but—"Morgan nodded.  "I know, I noticed. What did you do when  you got to New York?"", I had gold coin. There  had been no way of knowing if it would be useful, but I'd  taken it on chance. I tried to use it at a newsstand first, and the  man wouldn't touch it. Asked me if I thought I was the U.S.Treasury or something. When he saw that I was serious, he  sent me to a money lender, a hock shop, I think he called it.  So I found a place—""Let me see the coins."Parks dropped two small gold discs on the table. They were  perfectly smooth and perfectly round, tapered by wear to athin blunt edge.  There was no design on them, and no printing.   Morgan looked up at the man sharply."What did you get for  these?"Parks shrugged."Too little, I suspect. Two dollars for the  small one, five for the larger.""You should have gone to a bank.""I know that now. I didn't then. Naturally, I assumed that  with everything else so similar, principles of business would  also be similar."Morgan sighed and leaned back in his chair.  "Well, then  what?"Parks poured some more coffee.  His face was very pale,  Morgan thought, and his hands trembled as he raised the cupto his lips.  Fright? Maybe.  Hard to tell.  The man put downthe cup and rubbed his forehead with the back of his hand.   "First, I went to the mayor's office," he said.  "I kept trying tothink what anyone at home would do in my place. That seemed  a good bet. I asked a policeman where it was, and then I went  there.""But you didn't get to see him.""No. I saw a secretary.  She said the mayor was in conference,and that I would have to have an appointment. She let  me speak to another man, one of the mayor's assistants.""And you told him?""No. I wanted to see the mayor himself. I thought that was  the best thing to do. I waited for a couple of hours, until  another assistant came along and told me flatly that the mayorwouldn't see me unless I stated my business first."  He drew in  a deep breath.  "So I stated it.And then I was gently but firmly  ushered back into the street again.""They didn't believe you," said Morgan."Not for a minute. They laughed in my face."Morgan nodded."I'm beginning to get the pattern. So what  did you do next?""Next I tried the police. I got the same treatment there,only they weren't so gentle. They wouldn't listen either.  They  muttered something about cranks and their crazy notions, and  when they asked me where I lived, they thought I was—whatdid they call it?—a wise guy! Told me to get out and not come  back with any more wild stories.""I see," said Morgan.Jefferson Parks finished his last bite of pie and pushed the  plate away.  "By then I didn't know quite what to do. I'd beenprepared for almost anything excepting this. It was frightening.  I tried to rationalize it, and then I quit trying.  It wasn't  that I attracted attention, or anything like that, quite the contrary.Nobody even looked at me, unless I said something to  them.  I began to look for things that weredifferent, things that  I could show them, and say, see, this proves that I'm telling  the truth, look at it—"He looked up helplessly."And what did you find?""Nothing. Oh, little things, insignificant little things. Your  calendars, for instance.  Naturally, I couldn't understand your  frame of reference.And the coinage, you stamp your coins; we  don't. And cigarettes.  We don't have any such thing as tobacco."The man gave a short laugh.  "And your house dogs!  We have little animals that look more like rabbits than poodles.  But there was nothing any more significant than that. Absolutelynothing.""Except yourself," Morgan said."Ah, yes. I thought that over carefully. I looked for differences,  obvious ones. I couldn't find any. You can see that, just  looking at me.  So I searched for more subtle things. Skin texture,fingerprints, bone structure, body proportion.  I still  couldn't find anything.  Then I went to a doctor."Morgan's eyebrows lifted.  "Good," he said.Parks shrugged tiredly.  "Not really. He examined me.  He  practically took me apart.I carefully refrained from saying  anything about who I was or where I came from; just said  I wanted a complete physical examination, and let him go  to it.He was thorough, and when he finished he patted me  on the back and said, 'Parks, you've got nothing to worry  about. You're as fine, strapping a specimen of a healthy human  being as I've ever seen.'And that was that."  Parks laughed  bitterly.  "I guess I was supposed to be happy with the verdict,and instead I was ready to knock him down. It was idiotic, it  defied reason, it was infuriating."Morgan nodded sourly."Because you're not a human  being," he said."That's right. I'm not a human being at all.""How did you happen to pick this planet, or this sun?"Morgan asked curiously.  "There must have been a million  others to choose from."Parks unbuttoned his collar and rubbed his stubbled chin  unhappily.  "I didn't make the choice.Neither did anyone else.   Travel by warp is a little different from travel by the rocket  you fiction writers make so much of.With a rocket vehicle you  pick your destination, make your calculations, and off you go.   The warp is blind flying, strictly blind.We send an unmanned  scanner ahead.  It probes around more or less hit-or-miss until  it locates something, somewhere, that looks habitable.When  it spots a likely looking place, we keep a tight beam on it  and send through a manned scout."  He grinned sourly."Like  me.  If it looks good to the scout, he signals back, and they  leave the warp anchored for a sort of permanent gateway untilwe can get a transport beam built.  But we can't control the  directional and dimensional scope of the warp.  There are aninfinity of ways it can go, until we have a guide beam transmitting  from the other side.  Then we can just scan a segment of  space with the warp, and the scanner picks up the beam."He shook his head wearily.  "We're new at it, Morgan.  We'veonly tried a few dozen runs.  We're not too far ahead of you in  technology.  We've been using rocket vehicles just like yours forover a century.  That's fine for a solar system, but it's not much  good for the stars.  When the warp principle was discovered, itlooked like the answer.  But something went wrong, the scanner  picked up this planet, and I was coming through, and then  something blew.Next thing I knew I was falling.  When I tried  to make contact again, the scanner was gone!""And you found things here the same as back home," said  Morgan."The same! Your planet and mine are practically twins.Similar cities, similar technology, everything.  The people are  the same, with precisely the same anatomy and physiology, thesame sort of laws, the same institutions, even compatible languages.   Can't you see the importance of it?  This planet is onthe other side of the universe from mine, with the first intelligent  life we've yet encountered anywhere.  But when I try to  tell your people that I'm a native of another star system,they  won't believe me!""Why should they?" asked Morgan.  "You look like a human  being. You talk like one. You eat like one. You act like one.  What you're asking them to believe is utterly incredible.""But it's true."Morgan shrugged."So it's true. I won't argue with you. But  as I asked before, even if Idid      believe you, what do youexpect       meto do about it? Why pickme, of all the people you've  seen?"There was a desperate light in Parks' eyes."I was tired, tired  of being laughed at, tired of having people looking at me as  though I'd lost my wits when I tried to tell them the truth.  You were here, you were alone, so I started talking.And then  I found out you wrote stories."  He looked up eagerly.  "I'vegot to get back, Morgan, somehow. My life is there, my family.   And think what it would mean to both of our worlds—contact  with another intelligent race! Combine our knowledges,our technologies, and we could explore the galaxy!"He leaned forward, his thin face intense.  "I need money andI need help. I know some of the mathematics of the warp principle,  know some of the design, some of the power and wiring  principles.  You have engineers here, technologists, physicists.They could fill in what I don't know and build a guide beam.   But they won't do it if they don't believe me. Your governmentwon't listen to me, they won't appropriate any money.""Of course they won't. They've got a war or two on their  hands, they have public welfare, and atomic bombs, androckets to the moon to sink their money into."  Morgan stared  at the man.  "But what canIdo?""You canwrite! That's what you can do. You can tell the  world about me, you can tell exactly what has happened. I  know how public interest can be aroused in my world. It mustbe the same in yours."Morgan didn't move.  He just stared."How many people  have you talked to?" he asked."A dozen, a hundred, maybe a thousand.""And how many believed you?""None.""You meannobody      would believe you?""Not one soul.      Until I talked to you."And then Morgan was laughing, laughing bitterly, tears  rolling down his cheeks.  "And I'm the one man who couldn'thelp you if my life depended on it," he gasped."You believe me?"Morgan nodded sadly.  "I believe you. Yes. I think your  warp brought you through to a parallel universe of your own  planet, not to another star, but I think you're telling the truth.""Then youcan      help me.""I'm afraid not.""Why not?""Because I'd be worse than no help at all."Jefferson Parks gripped the table, his knuckles white."Why?"  he cried hoarsely.  "If you believe me, why can't youhelp me?"Morgan pointed to the magazine lying on the table.  "I write,yes," he said sadly.  "Ever read stories like this before?"Parks picked up the magazine, glanced at the bright cover."I barely looked at it.""You should look more closely. I have a story in this issue.The readers thought it was very interesting," Morgan grinned.   "Go ahead, look at it."The stranger from the stars leafed through the magazine,  stopped at a page that carried Roger Morgan's name.  His eyescaught the first paragraph and he turned white.  He set the  magazine down with a trembling hand.  "I see," he said, andthe life was gone out of his voice.  He spread the pages viciously,  read the lines again.The paragraph said:"Just suppose," said Martin, "that Ididbelieve you. Just  for argument."  He glanced up at the man across the table."Where do we go from here?"... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
Why can Morgan not help spread Parks' story?

 (A) Morgan is considered insane and no one would trust him
 (B) Morgan is retired from writing and refuses to start again
 (C) Morgan authored a story with the exact same premise
 (D) Morgan is not qualified enough to speak on the subject

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

