<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
THE STOKER      AND THE STARSBY JOHN A. SENTRYWhen   you've had your ears pinned  back in a bowknot, it's sometimes hard  to remember that an intelligent peoplehas no respect for a whipped enemy  ... but does for a fairly beaten enemy.Illustrated by van DongenKnowhim?  Yes, I know  him—knewhim.  That  was twenty years ago.Everybody knows  him now.  Everybodywho passed him on the street knows  him.  Everybody who went to the same  schools,or even to different schools  in different towns,  knows him now.Ask them.  But I knew him.  I lived  three feet away from him for a monthand a half.  I shipped with him and  called him by his first name.What was he like?  What was he  thinking, sitting on the edge of his  bunk with his jaw in his palm andhis eyes on the stars?  What did he  think he was after?Well...  Well, I think he—  You  know, I think I never did know him,after all.  Not well.  Not as well as  some of those people who're writingthe books about him seem to.I couldn't really describe him to  you.He had a duffelbag in his hand  and a packed airsuit on his back.  The  skin of his face had been dried outby ship's air, burned by ultraviolet  and broiled by infra red.  The pupils  of his eyes had little cloudy specks inthem where the cosmic rays had shot  through them.  But his eyes were  steady and his body was hard.What  did he look like?  He looked like a  man.It was after the war, and we werebeaten.  There used to be a school of  thought among us that deplored our  combativeness; before we had evermet any people from off Earth, even,  you could hear people saying we  were toughest, cruelest life-form in  the Universe, unfit to mingle withthe gentler wiser races in the stars,  and a sure bet to steal their galaxy  and corrupt it forever.  Wherethese people got their information, I  don't know.We were beaten.We moved out  beyond Centaurus, and Sirius, and  then we met the Jeks, the Nosurwey,  the Lud.We tried Terrestrial know-how,  we tried Production Miracles,  we tried patriotism, we tried damning  the torpedoes and full speedahead ... and we were smashed back  like mayflies in the wind.  We died in  droves, and we retreated from theguttering fires of a dozen planets, we  dug in, we fought through the last  ditch, and we were dying on Earth  itself before Baker mutinied, shotCope, and surrendered the remainder  of the human race to the wiser, gentler  races in the stars.  That way, welived.  That way, we were permitted  to carry on our little concerns, and  mind our manners.The Jeks and the  Lud and the Nosurwey returned to  their own affairs, and we knew they  would leave us alone so long as wedidn't bother them.We liked it that way.  Understandme—we didn't accept it, we didn't  knuckle under with waiting murder  in our hearts—welikedit.  We were  grateful just to be left alone again.We were happy we hadn't been  wiped out like the upstarts the rest  of the Universe thought us to be.When they let us keep our own solar  system and carry on a trickle of trade  with the outside, we accepted it for  the fantastically generous gift it was.Too many of our best men were dead  for us to have any remaining claim  on these things in our own right.I  know how it was.  I was there, twenty  years ago.I was a little, pudgy  man with short breath and a high-pitched  voice.  I was a typical Earthman.We were out on a God-forsakenlanding field on Mars, MacReidie  and I, loading cargo aboard theSerenus      .MacReidie was First Officer.   I was Second.  The stranger camewalking up to us."Got a job?" he asked, looking at  MacReidie.Mac looked him over.  He saw the  same things I'd seen.He shook his  head.  "Not for you. The only thing  we're short on is stokers."You wouldn't know.  There's no  such thing as a stoker any more, withautomatic ships.  But the stranger  knew what Mac meant.Serenushad what they called an  electronic drive.  She had to run withan evacuated engine room.  The leaking  electricity would have broken any  stray air down to ozone, which eatsmetal and rots lungs.  So the engine  room had the air pumped out of her,  and the stokers who tended the dialsand set the cathode attitudes had to  wear suits, smelling themselves for  twelve hours at a time and standing  a good chance of cooking where theysat when the drive arced.Serenus      wasan ugly old tub.  At that, we were the  better of the two interstellar freighters  the human race had left."You're bound over the border,  aren't you?"MacReidie nodded.  "That's right.  But—""I'll stoke."MacReidie looked over toward me  and frowned.I shrugged my shoulders  helplessly.  I was a little afraid  of the stranger, too.The trouble was the look of him.   It was the look you saw in the barsback on Earth, where the veterans of  the war sat and stared down into  their glasses, waiting for night to  fall so they could go out into thealleys and have drunken fights among  themselves.  But he had brought that  look to Mars, to the landing field,and out here there was something  disquieting about it.He'd caught Mac's look and turnedhis head to me.  "I'll stoke," he repeated.I didn't know what to say.MacReidie  and I—almost all of the men  in the Merchant Marine—hadn't  served in the combat arms.We had  freighted supplies, and we had seen  ships dying on the runs—we'd had  our own brushes with commerce raiders,and we'd known enough men  who joined the combat forces.  But  very few of the men came back, andthe war this man had fought hadn't  been the same as ours.  He'd commanded  a fighting ship, somewhere,and come to grips with things we  simply didn't know about.  The mark  was on him, but not on us.I couldn't  meet his eyes.  "O.K. by me," I mumbled  at last.I saw MacReidie's mouth turn  down at the corners.  But he couldn'tgainsay the man any more than I  could.  MacReidie wasn't a mumbling  man, so he said angrily:"O.K.,  bucko, you'll stoke. Go and sign on.""Thanks."The stranger walked  quietly away.  He wrapped a hand  around the cable on a cargo hook androde into the hold on top of some  freight.  Mac spat on the ground and  went back to supervising his end ofthe loading.  I was busy with mine,  and it wasn't until we'd gotten theSerenusloaded and buttoned up that  Mac and I even spoke to each other  again.  Then we talked about the trip.We didn't talk about the stranger.Daniels, the Third, had signed him  on and had moved him into the empty  bunk above mine.We slept all in  a bunch on theSerenus      —officers andcrew.  Even so, we had to sleep in  shifts, with the ship's designers giving  ninety per cent of her space tocargo, and eight per cent to power  and control.  That left very little for  the people, who were crammed inany way they could be.  I said empty  bunk.  What I meant was, empty duringmy sleep shift.  That meant he  and I'd be sharing work shifts—me  up in the control blister, parked ina soft chair, and him down in the  engine room, broiling in a suit for  twelve hours.But I ate with him, used the head  with him; you can call that rubbing  elbows with greatness, if you want to.He was a very quiet man.  Quiet in  the way he moved and talked.  Whenwe were both climbing into our  bunks, that first night, I introduced  myself and he introduced himself.Then he heaved himself into his  bunk, rolled over on his side, fixed  his straps, and fell asleep.  He wasalways friendly toward me, but he  must have been very tired that first  night.  I often wondered what kindof a life he'd lived after the war—what  he'd done that made him different  from the men who simply  grew older in the bars.I wonder,  now, if he really did do anything  different.  In an odd way, I like tothink that one day, in a bar, on a  day that seemed like all the rest to  him when it began, he suddenly looked  up with some new thought, putdown his glass, and walked straight  to the Earth-Mars shuttle field.He might have come from anytown on Earth.  Don't believe the historians  too much.  Don't pay too muchattention to the Chamber of Commerce  plaques.  When a man's name  becomes public property, strangethings happen to the facts.It was MacReidie who first found  out what he'd done during the war.I've got to explain about MacReidie.He takes his opinions fast  and strong.  He's a good man—is, orwas; I haven't seen him for a long  while—but he liked things simple.MacReidie said the duffelbag brokeloose and floated into the middle of  the bunkroom during acceleration.   He opened it to see whose it was.When he found out, he closed it up  and strapped it back in its place at  the foot of the stoker's bunk.MacReidie was my relief on the  bridge.  When he came up, he didn'trelieve me right away.  He stood next  to my chair and looked out through  the ports."Captain leave any special instructions  in the Order Book?" he asked."Just the usual. Keep a tight watch  and proceed cautiously.""That new stoker," Mac said."Yeah?""I knew there was somethingwrong with him. He's got an old  Marine uniform in his duffel."I didn't say anything.Mac glanced  over at me.  "Well?""I don't know."  I didn't.I couldn't say I was surprised.It  had to be something like that, about  the stoker.  The mark was on him, asI've said.It was the Marines that did Earth's  best dying.It had to be.  They were  trained to be the best we had, and  they believed in their training.They  were the ones who slashed back the  deepest when the other side hit us.They were the ones who sallied out  into the doomed spaces between the  stars and took the war to the other  side as well as any human force couldever hope to.  They were always the  last to leave an abandoned position.If Earth had been giving medals to  members of her forces in the war,  every man in the Corps would have  had the Medal of Honor two andthree times over.  Posthumously.  I  don't believe there were ten of themleft alive when Cope was shot.  Cope  was one of them.  They were a kindof human being neither MacReidie  nor I could hope to understand."You don't know," Mac said."It's  there. In his duffel. Damn it, we're  going out to trade with his sworn  enemies!Why do you suppose he  wanted to sign on? Why do you suppose  he's so eager to go!""You think he's going to try to  start something?""Think! That's exactly what he'sgoing for. One last big alley fight.  One last brawl.  When they cut him  down—do you suppose they'll stopwith him?  They'll kill us, and then  they'll go in and stamp Earth flat!  You know it as well as I do.""I don't know, Mac," I said.  "Go  easy."I could feel the knots in my  stomach.  I didn't want any trouble.Not from the stoker, not from Mac.   None of us wanted trouble—not  even Mac, but he'd cause it to getrid of it, if you follow what I mean  about his kind of man.Mac hit the viewport with his fist."Easy! Easy—nothing's easy. I hate  this life," he said in a murderous  voice."I don't know why I keep  signing on.  Mars to Centaurus and  back, back and forth, in an old rusttub that's going to blow herself up  one of these—"Daniels called me on the phone  from Communications.  "Turn upyour Intercom volume," he said.   "The stoker's jamming the circuit."I kicked the selector switch over,  and this is what I got:"—so there we were at a millionper, and the air was gettin' thick.  The  Skipper says 'Cheer up, brave boys,  we'll—'"He was singing.  He had a terrible  voice, but he could carry a tune, andhe was hammering it out at the top  of his lungs."Twas the last cruise of theVenus,by God you should of seen us!  The  pipes were full of whisky, and justto make things risky, the jets  were..."The crew were chuckling into their  own chest phones.I could hear Daniels  trying to cut him off.  But he  kept going.I started laughing myself.   No one's supposed to jam an  intercom, but it made the crew feelgood.  When the crew feels good, the  ship runs right, and it had been a  long time since they'd been happy.He went on for another twenty  minutes.  Then his voice thinned out,and I heard him cough a little.   "Daniels," he said, "get a relief  down here for me.Jump to it!"  He  said the last part in a Master's voice.Daniels didn't ask questions.  He sent  a man on his way down.He'd been singing, the stoker had.   He'd been singing while he workedwith one arm dead, one sleeve ripped  open and badly patched because the  fabric was slippery with blood.There'd been a flashover in the drivers.   By the time his relief got down  there, he had the insulation back on,and the drive was purring along the  way it should have been.  It hadn't  even missed a beat.He went down to sick bay, got the  arm wrapped, and would have gone  back on shift if Daniels'd let him.Those of us who were going off  shift found him toying with the  theremin in the mess compartment.He didn't know how to play it, and  it sounded like a dog howling."Sing, will you!" somebody yelled.   He grinned and went back to the  "Good ShipVenus."  It wasn't good,  but it was loud.From that, we went  to "Starways, Farways, and Barways,"  and "The Freefall Song."  Somebodystarted "I Left Her Behind For You,"  and that got us off into sentimental  things, the way these sessions would  sometimes wind up when spacemenwere far from home.  But not since  the war, we all seemed to realize together.We stopped, and looked at  each other, and we all began drifting  out of the mess compartment.And maybe it got to him, too.  It  may explain something.  He and Iwere the last to leave.  We went to  the bunkroom, and he stopped in the  middle of taking off his shirt.He  stood there, looking out the porthole,  and forgot I was there.  I heard himreciting something, softly, under his  breath, and I stepped a little closer.   This is what it was:"The rockets rise against the skies,Slowly; in sunlight gleamingWith silver hue upon the blue.And the universe waits, dreaming."For men must go where the flame-winds blow,The gas clouds softly plaiting;Where stars are spun and worlds begun,And men will find them waiting."The song that roars where the rocket soarsIs the song of the stellar flame;The dreams of Man and galactic spanAre equal and much the same."What was he thinking of?  Make  your own choice.  I think I came closeto knowing him,  at that moment,  but  until human beings turn telepath, noman can be sure of another.He shook himself like a dog out  of cold water,and got into his bunk.   I got into mine, and after a while  I fell asleep.I don't know what MacReidie mayhave told the skipper about the stoker,  or if he tried to tell him anything.   The captain was the senior ticketholder in the Merchant Service, and  a good man, in his day.  He kept  mostly to his cabin.And there was  nothing MacReidie could do on his  own authority—nothing simple, that  is.And the stoker had saved the  ship, and...I think what kept anything fromhappening between MacReidie and  the stoker, or anyone else and the  stoker, was that it would have meant  trouble in the ship.Trouble, confined  to our little percentage of the ship's  volume, could seem like something  much more important than the fateof the human race.  It may not seem  that way to you.  But as long as noone began anything, we could all get  along.  We could have a good trip.MacReidie worried, I'm sure.  I  worried, sometimes.  But nothinghappened.When we reached Alpha Centaurus,  and set down at the trading fieldon the second planet, it was the same  as the other trips we'd made, and the  same kind of landfall.  The Lud factorcame out of his post after we'd  waited for a while, and gave us our  permit to disembark.  There was a Jekship at the other end of the field,  loaded with the cargo we would get  in exchange for our holdful of  goods.We had the usual things;  wine, music tapes, furs, and the like.   The Jeks had been giving us lightmachinery lately—probably we'd get  two or three more loads, and then  they'd begin giving us something  else.But I found that this trip wasn't  quite the same.  I found myself lookingat the factor's post, and I realized  for the first time that the Lud hadn't  built it.  It was a leftover from theold colonial human government.  And  the city on the horizon—men had  built it; the touch of our architecturewas on every building.  I wondered  why it had never occurred to me that  this was so.It made the landfall different  from all the others, somehow.   It gave a new face to the entireplanet.Mac and I and some of the other  crewmen went down on the field to  handle the unloading.  Jeks on self-propelledcargo lifts jockeyed among  us, scooping up the loads as we unhooked  the slings, bringing cases of  machinery from their own ship.They  sat atop their vehicles, lean and  aloof, dashing in, whirling, shooting  across the field to their ship andback like wild horsemen on the plains  of Earth, paying us no notice.We were almost through whenMac suddenly grabbed my arm.   "Look!"The stoker was coming down on  one of the cargo slings.  He stood  upright, his booted feet planted wide,one arm curled up over his head and  around the hoist cable.  He was in his  dusty brown Marine uniform, thescarlet collar tabs bright as blood at  his throat, his major's insignia glittering  at his shoulders, the battle  stripes on his sleeves.The Jeks stopped their lifts.  They  knew that uniform.They sat up in  their saddles and watched him come  down.  When the sling touched theground, he jumped off quietly and  walked toward the nearest Jek.  They  all followed him with their eyes."We've got to stop him," Mac  said, and both of us started toward  him.His hands were both in plain  sight, one holding his duffelbag,  which was swelled out with the bulk  of his airsuit.He wasn't carrying a  weapon of any kind.  He was walking  casually, taking his time.Mac and I had almost reached him  when a Jek with insignia on his  coveralls suddenly jumped downfrom his lift and came forward to  meet him.  It was an odd thing to  see—the stoker, and the Jek, whodid not stand as tall.  MacReidie and  I stepped back.The Jek was coal black, his scales  glittering in the cold sunlight, his  hatchet-face inscrutable.  He stoppedwhen the stoker was a few paces  away.  The stoker stopped, too.  Allthe Jeks were watching him and paying  no attention to anything else.  The  field might as well have been emptyexcept for those two."They'll kill him.  They'll kill himright now," MacReidie whispered.They ought to have.  If I'd beena Jek, I would have thought that uniform  was a death warrant.  But the  Jek spoke to him:"Are you entitled to wear that?""I was at this planet in '39. I wascloser to your home world the year  before that," the stoker said.  "I was  captain of a destroyer. If I'd had acruiser's range, I would have reached  it."  He looked at the Jek.  "Wherewere you?""I was here when you were.""I want to speak to your ship's  captain.""All right. I'll drive you over."The stoker nodded, and they walked  over to his vehicle together.  Theydrove away, toward the Jek ship."All right, let's get back to work,"  another Jek said to MacReidie andmyself, and we went back to unloading  cargo.The stoker came back to our ship  that night, without his duffelbag.  Hefound me and said:"I'm signing off the ship. Going  with the Jeks."MacReidie was with me.  He said  loudly:"What do you mean, you're  going with the Jeks?""I signed on their ship," the stokersaid.  "Stoking.  They've got a micro-nuclear  drive. It's been a while sinceI worked with one, but I think I'll  make out all right, even with the  screwball way they've got it set up.""Huh?"The stoker shrugged.  "Ships areships, and physics is physics, no matter  where you go. I'll make out.""What kind of a deal did youmake with them? What do you think  you're up to?"The stoker shook his head."No  deal. I signed on as a crewman. I'll  do a crewman's work for a crewman's  wages. I thought I'd wander around awhile. It ought to be interesting," he  said."On a Jek ship.""Anybody's ship. When I get to  their home world, I'll probably ship  out with some people from fartheron. Why not? It's honest work."MacReidie had no answer to that."But—" I said."What?"  He looked at me as ifhe couldn't understand what might  be bothering me, but I think perhaps  he could."Nothing," I said, and that was  that, except MacReidie was always a  sourer man from that time up to as  long as I knew him afterwards.We  took off in the morning.  The stoker  had already left on the Jek ship, andit turned out he'd trained an apprentice  boy to take his place.It was strange how things became  different for us, little by little after  that.It was never anything you could  put your finger on, but the Jeks began  taking more goods, and giving us  things we needed when we told themwe wanted them.  After a while,Serenus      was going a little deeper intoJek territory, and when she wore out,  the two replacements let us trade with  the Lud, too.  Then it was the Nosurwey,and other people beyond them,  and things just got better for us,  somehow.We heard about our stoker, occasionally.   He shipped with the Lud,  and the Nosurwey, and some peoplebeyond them, getting along, going to  all kinds of places.  Pay no attention  to the precise red lines you see on thestar maps; nobody knows exactly  what path he wandered from people  to people.  Nobody could.He just  kept signing on with whatever ship  was going deeper into the galaxy,  going farther and farther.He messed  with green shipmates and blue ones.   One and two and three heads, tails,six legs—after all, ships are ships  and they've all got to have something  to push them along.  If a man knowshis business, why not?  A man can  live on all kinds of food, if he wants  to get used to it.And any nontoxic  atmosphere will do, as long as there's  enough oxygen in it.I don't know what he did, to make  things so much better for us.  I don't  know if he did anything, but stoketheir ships and, I suppose, fix them  when they were in trouble.  I wonder  if he sang dirty songs in that badvoice of his, to people who couldn't  possibly understand what the songs  were about.  All I know is, for somereason those people slowly began  treating us with respect.  We changed,  too, I think—I'm not the same manI was...  I think—not altogether  the same; I'm a captain now, with  master's papers, and you won't findme in my cabin very often ... there's  a kind of joy in standing on a bridge,  looking out at the stars you're moving  toward.I wonder if it mightn't  have kept my old captain out of that  place he died in, finally, if he'd tried  it.So, I don't know.  The older I get,  the less I know.The thing people remember  the stoker for—the thing  that makes him famous, and, I think,  annoys him—I'm fairly sure is onlyincidental to what he really did.  If he  did anything.  If he meant to.I wish  I could be sure of the exact answer  he found in the bottom of that last  glass at the bar before he worked hispassage to Mars and the       Serenus, and  began it all.So, I can't say what he ought to be  famous for.  But I suppose it's enoughto know for sure that he was the first  living being ever to travel all the way  around the galaxy.THE ENDTranscriber's Note:This etext was produced fromAstounding Science FictionFebruary  1959.  Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that the U.S.copyright on this publication was renewed.  Minor spelling and  typographical errors have been corrected without note.... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
What is a theme of the story?

 (A) Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. 
 (B) War changes people. 
 (C) The effects of war last through generations. 
 (D) Simple actions can mend deep conflict.

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

