<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
INNOCENT AT LARGEBy POUL AND KAREN ANDERSONIllustrated by WOODA hayseed Martian among big-planet slickers  ... of coursehe would get into trouble.  But that was nothing comparedto the trouble he would be in if he did not get into trouble!The visiphone chimed when Peri had just gotten into her dinner gown.   She peeled it off again and slipped on a casual bathrobe: a wisp of  translucence which had set the president of Antarctic Enterprise—orhad it been the chairman of the board?—back several thousand dollars.   Then she pulled a lock of lion-colored hair down over one eye, checked  with a mirror, rumpled it a tiny bit more and wrapped the robe looselyon top and tight around the hips.After all, some of the men who knew her private number were important.She undulated to the phone and pressed its Accept.  "Hello-o, there,"  she said automatically.  "So sorry to keep you waiting. I was justtaking a bath and—Oh. It's you."Gus Doran's prawnlike eyes popped at her.  "Holy Success," he whisperedin awe.  "You sure the wires can carry that much voltage?""Well, hurry up with whatever it is," snapped Peri."I got a date  tonight.""I'll say you do! With a Martian!"Peri narrowed her silver-blue gaze and looked icily at him."You must  have heard wrong, Gus.  He's the heir apparent of Indonesia, Inc.,  that's who, and if you called up to ask for a piece of him, you canjust blank right out again. I saw him first!"Doran's thin sharp face grinned.  "You break that date, Peri. Put it offor something. I got this Martian for you, see?""So? Since when has all Mars had as much spending money as one big-time  marijuana rancher?Not to mention the heir ap—""Sure, sure. But how much are those boys going to spend on any girl,  even a high-level type like you? Listen, I need you just for tonight,see?  This Martian is strictly from gone. He is here on official  business, but he is a yokel and I do mean hayseed.  Like he asked mewhat the Christmas decorations in all the stores were!  And here is the  solar nexus of it, Peri, kid."Doran leaned forward as if to climb out of the screen.  "He has got a  hundred million dollars expense money, and they are not going to audit  his accounts at home.One hundred million good green certificates,  legal tender anywhere in the United Protectorates.  And he has about  as much backbone as a piece of steak alga.Kid, if I did not happen to  have experience otherwise with a small nephew, I would say this will be  like taking candy from a baby."Peri's peaches-and-cream countenance began to resemble peaches and  cream left overnight on Pluto.  "Badger?" she asked."Sure. You and Sam Wendt handle the routine. I will take the go-between  angle, so he will think of me as still his friend, because I have other  plans for him too.  But if we can't shake a million out of him for thisone night's work, there is something akilter.  And your share of a  million is three hundred thirty-three—""Is five hundred thousand flat," said Peri.  "Too bad I just got an  awful headache and can't see Mr. Sastro tonight. Where you at, Gus?"The gravity was not as hard to take as Peter Matheny had expected.Three generations on Mars might lengthen the legs and expand the chest  a trifle, but the genes had come from Earth and the organism readjusts.   What set him gasping was the air.It weighed like a ton of wool and had  apparently sopped up half the Atlantic Ocean.  Ears trained to listen  through the Martian atmosphere shuddered from the racket conducted byEarth's.  The passport official seemed to bellow at him."Pardon me for asking this.The United Protectorates welcome all  visitors to Earth and I assure you, sir, an ordinary five-year visa  provokes no questions.  But since you came on an official courier boatof your planet, Mr. Matheny, regulations force me to ask your business.""Well—recruiting."The official patted his comfortable stomach, iridescent in neolon, and  chuckled patronizingly.  "I am afraid, sir, you won't find many people  who wish to leave. They wouldn't be able to see the Teamsters Hour onMars, would they?""Oh, we don't expect immigration," said Matheny shyly.  He was a fairlyyoung man, but small, with a dark-thatched, snub-nosed, gray-eyed  head that seemed too large for his slender body.  "We learned long ago  that no one is interested any more in giving up even second-classcitizenship on Earth to live in the Republic.  But we only wanted to  hire——uh, I mean engage—an, an advisor.  We're not businessmen. Weknow our export trade hasn't a chance among all your corporations  unless we get some—a five-year contract...?"He heard his words trailing off idiotically, and swore at himself."Well, good luck."  The official's tone was skeptical.  He stamped thepassport and handed it back.  "There, now, you are free to travel  anywhere in the Protectorates.  But I would advise you to leave thecapital and get into the sticks—um, I mean the provinces.  I am sure  there must be tolerably competent sales executives in Russia or  Congolese Belgium or such regions.Frankly, sir, I do not believe you  can attract anyone out of Newer York.""Thanks," said Matheny, "but, you see, I—we need—that is.... Oh,well. Thanks. Good-by."He backed out of the office.A dropshaft deposited him on a walkway.  The crowd, a rainbow of men inpajamas and robes, women in Neo-Sino dresses and goldleaf hats, swept  him against the rail.  For a moment, squashed to the wire, he stared a  hundred feet down at the river of automobiles.Phobos!he thought  wildly.If the barrier gives, I'll be sliced in two by a dorsal finbefore I hit the pavement!The August twilight wrapped him in heat and stickiness.  He could see  neither stars nor even moon through the city's blaze.  The forest ofmulti-colored towers, cataracting half a mile skyward across more  acreage than his eyes reached, was impressive and all that, but—he  used to stroll out in the rock garden behind his cottage and smoke a  pipe in company with Orion.On summer evenings, that is, when the  temperature wasn't too far below zero.Why did they tap me for this job?he asked himself in a surge of  homesickness.What the hell is the Martian Embassy here for?He, Peter Matheny, was no more than a peaceful professor of  sociodynamics at Devil's Kettle University.Of course, he had advised  his government before now—in fact, the Red Ankh Society had been his  idea—but still he was at ease only with his books and his chess and  his mineral collection, a faculty poker party on Tenthday night and anoccasional trip to Swindletown—My God      , thought Matheny,here I am, one solitary outlander in the  greatest commercial empire the human race has ever seen, and I'msupposed to find my planet a con man!He began walking, disconsolately, at random.  His lizardskin shirt and  black culottes drew glances, but derisive ones: their cut was forty  years out of date.He should find himself a hotel, he thought drearily,  but he wasn't tired; the spaceport would pneumo his baggage to him  whenever he did check in.  The few Martians who had been to Earth hadgone into ecstasies over the automation which put any service you could  name on a twenty-four-hour basis.  But it would be a long time before  Mars had such machines.If ever.The city roared at him.He fumbled after his pipe.Of course      , he told himself,that's why  the Embassy can't act.I may find it advisable to go outside the law.   Please, sir, where can I contact the underworld?He wished gambling were legal on Earth.  The Constitution of the MartianRepublic forbade sumptuary and moral legislation; quite apart from the  rambunctious individualism which that document formulated, the article  was a practical necessity.  Life was bleak enough on the deserts,without being denied the pleasure of trying to bottom-deal some friend  who was happily trying to mark the cards.  Matheny would have found a  few spins of roulette soothing: it was always an intellectual challengeto work out the system by which the management operated a wheel.  But  more, he would have been among people he understood.The frightful thing about the Earthman was the way he seemed to  exist only in organized masses.  A gypsy snake oil peddler, plodding  his syrtosaur wagon across Martian sands, just didn't have a prayeragainst, say, the Grant, Harding &amp; Adams Public Relations Agency.Matheny puffed smoke and looked around.  His feet ached from the weight  on them.  Where could a man sit down?It was hard to make out any  individual sign through all that flimmering neon.  His eye fell on one  that was distinguished by relative austerity.THE CHURCH OF CHOICEEnter, Play, PrayThat would do.  He took an upward slideramp through several hundred feetof altitude, stepped past an aurora curtain, and found himself in a  marble lobby next to an inspirational newsstand."Ah, brother, welcome," said a red-haired usherette in demure blackleotards.  "The peace that passeth all understanding be with you.  The  restaurant is right up those stairs.""I—I'm not hungry," stammered Matheny.  "I just wanted to sit in—""To your left, sir."The Martian crossed the lobby.  His pipe went out in the breeze from ananimated angel.  Organ music sighed through an open doorway.  The series  of rooms beyond was dim, Gothic, interminable."Get your chips right here, sir," said the girl in the booth."Hm?" said Matheny.She explained.  He bought a few hundred-dollar tokens, dropped a  fifty-buck coin down a slot marked CONTRIBUTIONS, and sipped themartini he got back while he strolled around studying the games.   He stopped, frowned.  Bingo?No, he didn't want to bother learning  something new.  He decided that the roulette wheels were either honest  or too deep for him.He'd have to relax with a crap game instead.He had been standing at the table for some time before the rest of the  congregation really noticed him.Then it was with awe.  The first few  passes he had made were unsuccessful.  Earth gravity threw him off.But when he got the rhythm of it, he tossed a row of sevens.  It was a  customary form of challenge on Mars.Here, though, they simply pushed  chips toward him.  He missed a throw, as anyone would at home: simple  courtesy.The next time around, he threw for a seven just to get the  feel.  He got a seven.  The dice had not been substituted on him."I say!" he exclaimed.  He looked up into eyes and eyes, all around the  green table."I'm sorry. I guess I don't know your rules.""You did all right, brother," said a middle-aged lady with an obviously  surgical bodice."But—I mean—when do we start actuallyplaying      ? What happened to thecocked dice?"The lady drew herself up and jutted an indignant brow at him.  "Sir!  This is a church!""Oh—I see—excuse me, I, I, I—"  Matheny backed out of the crowd,  shuddering.  He looked around for some place to hide his burning ears."You forgot your chips, pal," said a voice."Oh. Thanks. Thanks ever so much. I, I, that is—"Matheny cursed  his knotting tongue.Damn it, just because they're so much more  sophisticated than I, do I have to talk like a leaky boiler?The helpful Earthman was not tall.  He was dark and chisel-faced andsleekly pomaded, dapper in blue pajamas with a red zigzag, a sleighbell  cloak and curly-toed slippers."You're from Mars, aren't you?" he asked in the friendliest toneMatheny had yet heard."Yes. Yes, I am. M-my name's Peter Matheny.  I, I—"He stuck out his  hand to shake and chips rolled over the floor.  "Damn! Oh, excuse me, I  forgot this was a church. Never mind the chips. No, please. I just wantto g-g-get the hell out of here.""Good idea. How about a drink? I know a bar downshaft."Matheny sighed.  "A drink is what I need the very most.""My name's Doran. Gus Doran. Call me Gus."They walked back to the deaconette's booth and Matheny cashed what  remained of his winnings."I don't want to—I mean if you're busy tonight, Mr. Doran—""Nah. I am not doing one thing in particular. Besides, I have never met  a Martian. I am very interested.""There aren't many of us on Earth," agreed Matheny.  "Just a small  embassy staff and an occasional like me.""I should think you would do a lot of traveling here. The old mother  planet and so on.""We can't afford it," said Matheny.  "What with gravitation and  distance, such voyages are much too expensive for us to make them for  pleasure. Not to mention our dollar shortage."As they entered the  shaft, he added wistfully:  "You Earth people have that kind of money,  at least in your more prosperous brackets. Why don't you send a fewtourists to us?""I always wanted to," said Doran.  "I would like to see the what theycall City of Time, and so on.  As a matter of fact, I have given my  girl one of those Old Martian rings last Ike's Birthday and she was  just gazoo about it.A jewel dug out of the City of Time, like,  made a million years ago by a, uh, extinct race ... I tell you, sheappreciated      me for it!"He winked and nudged."Oh," said Matheny.He felt a certain guilt.  Doran was too pleasant a little man todeserve—"Of course," Matheny said ritually, "I agree with all the archeologists  it's a crime to sell such scientifically priceless artifacts, but whatcan we do? We must live, and the tourist trade is almost nonexistent.""Trouble with it is, I hear Mars is not so comfortable," said Doran.  "Imean, do not get me wrong, I don't want to insult you or anything, but  people come back saying you have given the planet just barely enough  air to keep a man alive.  And there are no cities, just little towns andvillages and ranches out in the bush.  I mean you are being pioneers and  making a new nation and all that, but people paying half a megabuck for  their ticket expect some comfort and, uh, you know.""I do know," said Matheny.  "But we're poor—a handful of people trying  to make a world of dust and sand and scrub thorn into fields and woodsand seas. We can't do it without substantial help from Earth, equipment  and supplies—which can only be paid for in Earth dollars—and we can't  export enough to Earth to earn those dollars."By that time, they were entering the Paul Bunyan Knotty Pine Bar &amp;  Grill, on the 73rd Level.  Matheny's jaw clanked down."Whassa matter?" asked Doran.  "Ain't you ever seen a ecdysiastic  technician before?""Uh, yes, but—well, not in a 3-D image under ten magnifications."Matheny followed Doran past a sign announcing that this show was for  purely artistic purposes, into a booth.There a soundproof curtain  reduced the noise level enough so they could talk in normal voices."What'll you have?" asked Doran."It's on me.""Oh, I couldn't let you. I mean—""Nonsense. Welcome to Earth! Care for a thyle and vermouth?"Matheny shuddered.  "Good Lord, no!""Huh? But they make thyle right on Mars, don't they?""Yes. And it all goes to Earth and sells at 2000 dollars a fifth. Butyou don't think we'd       drinkit, do you? I mean—well, I imagine it  doesn't absolutelyruinvermouth. But we don't see those Earthside  commercials about how sophisticated people like it so much.""Well, I'll be a socialist creeper!"  Doran's face split in a grin."You  know, all my life I've hated the stuff and never dared admit it!"  He  raised a hand."Don't worry, I won't blabbo. But I am wondering, if you  control the thyle industry and sell all those relics at fancy prices,  why do you call yourselves poor?""Because we are," said Matheny.  "By the time the shipping costs have  been paid on a bottle, and the Earth wholesaler and jobber and sales  engineer and so on, down to the retailer, have taken their percentage,and the advertising agency has been paid, and about fifty separate  Earth taxes—there's very little profit going back to the distillery  on Mars.  The same principle is what's strangling us on everything.Old  Martian artifacts aren't really rare, for instance, but freight charges  and the middlemen here put them out of the mass market.""Have you not got some other business?""Well, we do sell a lot of color slides, postcards, baggage labels and  so on to people who like to act cosmopolitan, and I understand ourtravel posters are quite popular as wall decoration. But all that has  to be printed on Earth, and the printer and distributor keep most of  the money. We've sold some books and show tapes, of course, but only  one has been really successful—I Was a Slave Girl on Mars."Our most prominent novelist was co-opted to ghostwrite that one.   Again, though, local income taxes took most of the money; authors  never have been protected the way a businessman is.We do make a high  percentage of profit on those little certificates you see around—you  know, the title deeds to one square inch of Mars—but expressed  absolutely, in dollars, it doesn't amount to much when we startshopping for bulldozers and thermonuclear power plants.""How about postage stamps?" inquired Doran.  "Philately is a bigbusiness, I have heard.""It was our mainstay," admitted Matheny, "but it's been overworked.Martian stamps are a drug on the market. What we'd like to operate is a  sweepstakes, but the anti-gambling laws on Earth forbid that."Doran whistled.  "I got to give your people credit for enterprise,  anyway!"He fingered his mustache.  "Uh, pardon me, but have you tried  to, well, attract capital from Earth?""Of course," said Matheny bitterly.  "We offer the most liberal  concessions in the Solar System. Any little mining company or transport  firm or—or anybody—who wanted to come and actually invest a fewdollars in Mars—why, we'd probably give him the President's daughter  as security.  No, the Minister of Ecology has a better-looking one.But who's interested?  We haven't a thing that Earth hasn't got more  of.  We're only the descendants of a few scientists, a few politicalmalcontents, oddballs who happen to prefer elbow room and a bill of  liberties to the incorporated state—what could General Nucleonics  hope to get from Mars?""I see. Well, what are you having to drink?""Beer," said Matheny without hesitation."Huh? Look, pal, this is on me.""The only beer on Mars comes forty million miles, with interplanetary  freight charges tacked on," said Matheny."Heineken's!"Doran shrugged, dialed the dispenser and fed it coins."This is a real interesting talk, Pete," he said.  "You are being very  frank with me. I like a man that is frank."Matheny shrugged.  "I haven't told you anything that isn't known to  every economist."Of course I haven't.  I've not so much as mentioned the Red Ankh, forinstance.  But, in principle, I have told him the truth, told him of our  need; for even the secret operations do not yield us enough.The beer arrived.  Matheny engulfed himself in it.Doran sipped at a  whiskey sour and unobtrusively set another full bottle in front of the  Martian."Ahhh!" said Matheny.  "Bless you, my friend.""A pleasure.""But now you must let me buy you one.""That is not necessary.After all," said Doran with great tact, "with  the situation as you have been describing—""Oh, we're notthatpoor! My expense allowance assumes I will  entertain quite a bit."Doran's brows lifted a few minutes of arc.  "You're here on business,  then?""Yes. I told you we haven't any tourists. I was sent to hire a business  manager for the Martian export trade.""What's wrong with your own people? I mean, Pete, it is not your faultthere are so many rackets—uh, taxes—and middlemen and agencies and et  cetera. That is just the way Earth is set up these days."Matheny's finger stabbed in the general direction of Doran's pajama  top.  "Exactly. And who set it up that way? Earthmen. We Martians arebabes in the desert. What chance do we have to earn dollars on the  scale we need them, in competition with corporations which could buy  and sell our whole planet before breakfast?  Why, we couldn't affordthree seconds of commercial time on a Lullaby Pillow 'cast.  What we  need, what we have to hire, is an executive who knows Earth, who's an  Earthman himself.Let him tell us what will appeal to your people, and  how to dodge the tax bite and—and—well, you see how it goes, that  sort of, uh, thing."Matheny felt his eloquence running down and grabbed for the second  bottle of beer."But where do I start?" he asked plaintively, for his loneliness smotehim anew.  "I'm just a college professor at home. How would I even get  to see—""It might be arranged," said Doran in a thoughtful tone.  "It just  might. How much could you pay this fellow?""A hundred megabucks a year, if he'll sign a five-year contract. That's  Earth years, mind you.""I'm sorry to tell you this, Pete," said Doran, "but while that is notbad money, it is not what a high-powered sales scientist gets in Newer  York.  Plus his retirement benefits, which he would lose if he quit  where he is now at. And I am sure he would not want to settle on Marspermanently.""I could offer a certain amount of, uh, lagniappe," said Matheny.  "Thatis, well, I can draw up to a hundred megabucks myself for, uh, expenses  and, well ... let me buy you a drink!"Doran's black eyes frogged at him."You might at that," said the  Earthman very softly.  "Yes, you might at that."Matheny found himself warming.  Gus Doran was an authentic bobber.  A  hell of a swell chap.He explained modestly that he was a free-lance  business consultant and it was barely possible that he could arrange  some contacts...."No, no, no commission, all done in the interest of interplanetary  friendship ... well, anyhow, let's not talk business now.  If you have  got to stick to beer, Pete, make it a chaser to akvavit.What is  akvavit?  Well, I will just take and show you."A hell of a good bloke.  He knew some very funny stories, too, and  he laughed at Matheny's, though they were probably too rustic for a  big-city taste like his."What I really want," said Matheny, "what I really want—I mean what  Mars really needs, get me?—is a confidence man.""A what?""The best and slickest one on Earth, to operate a world-size con game  for us and make us some real money.""Con man? Oh. A slipstring.""A con by any other name," said Matheny, pouring down an akvavit.Doran squinted through cigarette smoke."You are interesting me  strangely, my friend. Say on.""No."Matheny realized his head was a bit smoky.  The walls of the booth  seemed odd, somehow.  They were just leatheroid walls, but they had anodd quality."No, sorry, Gus," he said.  "I spoke too much.""Okay. Forget it. I do not like a man that pries. But look, let's bomb  out of here, how about it? Go have a little fun.""By all means."  Matheny disposed of his last beer.  "I could use some  gaiety.""You have come to the right town then. But let us get you a hotel room  first and some more up-to-date clothes.""       Allez," said Matheny.  "If I don't meanallons, or maybealors      ."The drop down to cab-ramp level and the short ride afterward sobered  him; the room rate at the Jupiter-Astoria sobered him still more.Oh, well, he thought,if I succeed in this job, no one at home will  quibble.And the chamber to which he and Doran were shown was spectacular  enough, with a pneumo direct to the bar and a full-wall transparency to  show the vertical incandescence of the towers."Whoof!"  Matheny sat down.  The chair slithered sensuously about hiscontours.  He jumped.  "What the dusty hell—Oh."  He tried to grin, buthis face burned.  "I see.""That is a sexy type of furniture, all right," agreed Doran.He lowered  himself into another chair, cocked his feet on the 3-D and waved a  cigarette.  "Which speaking of, what say we get some girls? It is nottoo late to catch them at home. A date here will usually start around  2100 hours earliest.""What?""You know. Dames.  Like a certain blonde warhead with twin radar and  swivel mounting, and she just loves exotics. Such as you.""Me?"  Matheny heard his voice climb to a schoolboy squeak.  "Me?Exotic? Why, I'm just a little college professor.  I g-g-g, that is—"   His tongue got stuck on his palate.He pulled it loose and moistened  uncertain lips."You are from Mars. Okay? So you fought bushcats barehanded in anabandoned canal.""What's a bushcat? And we don't have canals.  The evaporation rate—""Look, Pete," said Doran patiently.  "She don't have to know that, does  she?""Well—well, no. I guess not No.""Let's order you some clothes on the pneumo," said Doran."I recommend  you buy from Schwartzherz. Everybody knows he is expensive."While Matheny jittered about, shaving and showering and struggling with  his new raiment, Doran kept him supplied with akvavit and beer."You said one thing, Pete," Doran remarked.  "About needing a  slipstring. A con man, you would call it.""Forget that. Please. I spoke out of turn.""Well, you see, maybe a man like that is just what Mars does need. And  maybe I have got a few contacts.""What?"  Matheny gaped out of the bathroom.Doran cupped his hands around a fresh cigarette, not looking at him.   "I am not that man," he said frankly.  "But in my line I get a lot ofcontacts, and not all of them go topside.  See what I mean? Like if,  say, you wanted somebody terminated and could pay for it, I could not  do it. I would not want to know anything about it. But I could tell youa phone number."He shrugged and gave the Martian a sidelong glance.  "Sure, you may notbe interested. But if you are, well, Pete, I was not born yesterday. I  got tolerance. Like the book says, if you want to get ahead, you have  got to think positively."Matheny hesitated.  If only he hadn't taken that last shot!  It made him  want to say yes, immediately, without reservations.And therefore maybe  he became overcautious.They had instructed him on Mars to take chances if he must."I could tell you a thing or two that might give you a better idea," he  said slowly.  "But it would have to be under security.""Okay by me. Room service can send us up an oath box right now.""What? But—but—"Matheny hung onto himself and tried to believe that  he had landed on Earth less than six hours ago.In the end, he did call room service and the machine was trundled in.Doran swallowed the pill and donned the conditioner helmet without an  instant's hesitation."I shall never reveal to any person unauthorized by yourself whatever  you may tell me under security, now or at any other time," he  recited.  Then, cheerfully:"And that formula, Pete, happens to be the  honest-to-zebra truth.""I know."Matheny stared, embarrassed, at the carpet.  "I'm sorry  to—to—I mean of course I trust you, but—""Forget it. I take a hundred security oaths a year, in my line of work.  Maybe I can help you. I like you, Pete, damn if I don't. And, sure,  I might stand to get an agent's cut, if I arrange—Go ahead, boy, go  ahead."Doran crossed his legs and leaned back."Oh, it's simple enough," said Matheny.  "It's only that we already areoperating con games.""On Mars, you mean?""Yes. There never were any Old Martians.  We erected the ruins fifty  years ago for the Billingsworth Expedition to find. We've been  manufacturing relics ever since.""Huh?      Well, why, but—""In this case, it helps to be at the far end of an interplanetary  haul," said Matheny.  "Not many Terrestrial archeologists get to Marsand they depend on our people to—Well, anyhow—""I will be clopped! Good for you!"Doran blew up in laughter.  "That is one thing I would never spill, evenwithout security. I told you about my girl friend, didn't I?""Yes, and that calls to mind the Little Girl," said Matheny  apologetically."She was another official project.""Who?""Remember Junie O'Brien? The little golden-haired girl on Mars, a  mathematical prodigy, but dying of an incurable disease?  She collected  Earth coins.""Oh, that. Sure, I remember—Hey! You didn't!""Yes. We made about a billion dollars on that one.""I will be double damned. You know, Pete, I sent her a hundred-buck  piece myself. Say, how is Junie O'Brien?""Oh, fine. Under a different name, she's now our finance minister."   Matheny stared out the wall, his hands twisting nervously behind his  back."There were no lies involved. She really does have a fatal  disease. So do you and I. Every day we grow older.""Uh!" exclaimed Doran."And then the Red Ankh Society. You must have seen or heard their ads.   'What mysterious knowledge did the Old Martians possess? What wasthe secret wisdom of the Ancient Aliens?  Now the incredibly powerful  semantics of the Red Ankh (not a religious organization) is available  to a select few—'That's our largest dollar-earning enterprise."He would have liked to say it was his suggestion originally, but it  would have been too presumptuous. He was talking to an Earthman, whohad heard everything already.Doran whistled."That's about all, so far," confessed Matheny.  "Perhaps a con is our  only hope. I've been wondering, maybe we could organize a Martian  bucket shop, handling Martian securities, but—well, I don't know.""I think—"  Doran removed the helmet and stood up."Yes?"  Matheny faced around, shivering with his own tension."I may be able to find the man you want," said Doran."I just may. It  will take a few days and might get a little expensive.""You mean.... Mr. Doran—Gus—you could actually—""I cannot promise anything yet except that I will try. Now you finish  dressing. I will be down in the bar. And I will call up this girl I  know. We deserve a celebration!"... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
What effect did Earth's anti-gambling laws have on Mars?

 (A) Gambling was not allowed on Mars
 (B) Martians were not able to run a sweepstakes for Earthlings
 (C) Earthlings were not allowed to gamble while on Mars
 (D) Martians were not allowed to gamble while on Earth

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

