<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
THE STAR-SENT KNAVESBY KEITH LAUMERIllustrated by GaughanWhen the Great Galactic Union first encountersEarth...  is this what is going to happen?IClyde W. Snithian was a bald eagle of a man, dark-eyed, pot-bellied,   with the large, expressive hands of a rug merchant.  Round-shoulderedin a loose cloak,  he blinked small reddish eyes at Dan Slane's  travel-stained six foot one."Kelly here tells me you've been demanding to see me."  He nodded toward  the florid man at his side.  He had a high, thin voice, like somethingthat needed oiling.  "Something about important information regarding  safeguarding my paintings.""That's right, Mr. Snithian," Dan said.  "I believe I can be of great  help to you.""Help how? If you've got ideas of bilking me...."  The red eyes bored  into Dan like hot pokers."Nothing like that, sir. Now, I know you have quite a system of guards  here—the papers are full of it—""Damned busybodies! Sensation-mongers! If it wasn't for the press,I'd have no concern for my paintings today!""Yes sir. But my point is, the one really important spot has been left  unguarded.""Now, wait a minute—"  Kelly started."What's that?"  Snithian cut in."You have a hundred and fifty men guarding the house and grounds dayand night—""Two hundred and twenty-five," Kelly snapped."—but no one at all in the vault with the paintings," Slane finished."Of course not," Snithian shrilled.  "Why should I post a man in thevault? It's under constant surveillance from the corridor outside.""The Harriman paintings were removed from a locked vault," Dan said."There was a special seal on the door. It wasn't broken.""By the saints, he's right," Kelly exclaimed.  "Maybe we ought to have aman in that vault.""Another idiotic scheme to waste my money," Snithian snapped.  "I'vemade you responsible for security here, Kelly! Let's have no more  nonsense. And throw this nincompoop out!"  Snithian turned and stalked  away, his cloak flapping at his knees."I'll work cheap," Dan called after him as Kelly took his arm.  "I'm an  art lover.""Never mind that," Kelly said, escorting Dan along the corridor.  He  turned in at an office and closed the door."Now, as the old buzzard said, I'm responsible for security here. If  those pictures go, my job goes with them. Your vault idea's not bad.  Just how cheap would you work?""A hundred dollars a week," Dan said promptly.  "Plus expenses," he  added.Kelly nodded.  "I'll fingerprint you and run a fast agency check. If  you're clean, I'll put you on, starting tonight. But keep it quiet."Dan looked around at the gray walls, with shelves stacked to the lowceiling with wrapped paintings.  Two three-hundred-watt bulbs shed a  white glare over the tile floor, a neat white refrigerator, a bunk,  an arm-chair, a bookshelf and a small table set with paper plates,plastic utensils and a portable radio—all hastily installed at Kelly's  order.  Dan opened the refrigerator, looked over the stock of salami,  liverwurst, cheese and beer.He opened a loaf of bread, built up a  well-filled sandwich, keyed open a can of beer.It wasn't fancy, but it would do.Phase one of the plan had gone off  without a hitch.Basically, his idea was simple.Art collections had been disappearing  from closely guarded galleries and homes all over the world.  It was  obvious that no one could enter a locked vault, remove a stack of largecanvases and leave, unnoticed by watchful guards—and leaving the locks  undamaged.Yet the paintings were gone.Someone had been in those vaults—someone  who hadn't entered in the usual way.Theory failed at that point; that left the experimental method.The  Snithian collection was the largest west of the Mississippi.  With  such a target, the thieves were bound to show up.If Dan sat in the  vault—day and night—waiting—he would see for himself how they  operated.He finished his sandwich, went to the shelves and pulled down one of  the brown-paper bundles.  Loosening the string binding the package, he  slid a painting into view.It was a gaily colored view of an open-air  cafe, with a group of men and women in gay-ninetyish costumes gathered  at a table.  He seemed to remember reading something about it in amagazine.  It was a cheerful scene; Dan liked it.  Still, it hardly  seemed worth all the effort....He went to the wall switch and turned off the lights.  The orange glow  of the filaments died, leaving only a faint illumination from thenight-light over the door.  When the thieves arrived, it might give him  a momentary advantage if his eyes were adjusted to the dark.  He gropedhis way to the bunk.So far, so good, he reflected, stretching out.  When they showed up,he'd have to handle everything just right.  If he scared them off  there'd be no second chance.  He would have lost his crack at—whateverhis discovery might mean to him.But he was ready.  Let them come.Eight hours, three sandwiches and six beers later, Dan roused suddenlyfrom a light doze and sat up on the cot.  Between him and the crowded  shelving, a palely luminous framework was materializing in mid-air.The apparition was an open-work cage—about the size and shape of an  out-house minus the sheathing, Dan estimated breathlessly.  Two figures  were visible within the structure, sitting stiffly in contoured chairs.They glowed, if anything, more brightly than the framework.A faint sound cut into the stillness—a descending whine.The cage  moved jerkily, settling toward the floor.  Long blue sparks jumped,  crackling, to span the closing gap; with a grate of metal, the cagesettled against the floor.  The spectral men reached for ghostly  switches....The glow died.Dan was aware of his heart thumping painfully under his ribs.  His mouthwas dry.  This was the moment he'd been planning for, but now that it  was here—Never mind.  He took a deep breath,  ran over the speeches he had  prepared for the occasion:Greeting, visitors from the Future....Hopelessly corny.What about:Welcome to the Twentieth Century....No good; it lacked spontaneity.  The men were rising, their backs to  Dan,  stepping out of the skeletal frame.In the dim light it now  looked like nothing more than a rough frame built of steel pipe, with  a cluster of levers in a console before the two seats.  And the thieveslooked ordinary enough:  Two men in gray coveralls, one slender and  balding, the other shorter and round-faced.  Neither of them noticedDan, sitting rigid on the cot.  The thin man placed a lantern on the  table, twiddled a knob.  A warm light sprang up.The visitors looked at  the stacked shelves."Looks like the old boy's been doing all right," the shorter man said."Fathead's gonna be pleased.""A very gratifying consignment," his companion said."However, we'd  best hurry, Manny.  How much time have we left on this charge?""Plenty. Fifteen minutes anyway."The thin man opened a package, glanced at a painting."Ah, magnificent. Almost the equal of Picasso in his puce period."Manny shuffled through the other pictures in the stack."Like always," he grumbled.  "No nood dames. I like nood dames.""Look at this, Manny!The textures alone—"Manny looked.  "Yeah, nice use of values," he conceded."But I still  prefer nood dames, Fiorello.""And this!"Fiorello lifted the next painting.  "Look at that gay play  of rich browns!""I seen richer browns on Thirty-third Street," Manny said.  "They was  popular with the sparrows.""Manny, sometimes I think your aspirations—""Whatta ya talkin? I use a roll-on."  Manny, turning to place a paintingin the cage, stopped dead as he caught sight of Dan.  The painting  clattered to the floor.  Dan stood, cleared his throat."Uh....""Oh-oh," Manny said.  "A double-cross.""I've—ah—been expecting you gentlemen," Dan said.  "I—""I told you we couldn't trust no guy with nine fingers on each hand,"   Manny whispered hoarsely.  He moved toward the cage."Let's blow,  Fiorello.""Wait a minute," Dan said."Before you do anything hasty—""Don't start nothing, Buster," Manny said cautiously.  "We're plentytough guys when aroused.""I want to talk to you," Dan insisted.  "You see, these paintings—""Paintings? Look, it was all a mistake. Like, we figured this was the  gent's room—""Never mind, Manny," Fiorello cut in.  "It appears there's been a leak."Dan shook his head."No leak. I simply deduced—""Look, Fiorello," Manny said.  "You chin if you want to; I'm doing afast fade.""Don't act hastily, Manny. You know where you'll end.""Wait a minute!"  Dan shouted.  "I'd like to make a deal with you  fellows.""Ah-hah!"  Kelly's voice blared from somewhere.  "I knew it! Slane, youcrook!"Dan looked about wildly.  The voice seemed to be issuing from a speaker.   It appeared Kelly hedged his bets."Mr. Kelly, I can explain everything!"  Dan called.  He turned back toFiorello.  "Listen, I figured out—""Pretty clever!"Kelly's voice barked.  "Inside job. But it takes more  than the likes of you to out-fox an old-timer like Eddie Kelly.""Perhaps you were right, Manny," Fiorello said.  "Complications are  arising. We'd best depart with all deliberate haste."  He edged towardthe cage."What about this ginzo?"  Manny jerked a thumb toward Dan."He's on to  us.""Can't be helped.""Look—I want to go with you!"  Dan shouted."I'll bet you do!"  Kelly's voice roared.  "One more minute and I'll have  the door open and collar the lot of you! Came up through a tunnel, didyou?""You can't go, my dear fellow," Fiorello said.  "Room for two, no more."Dan whirled to the cot, grabbed up the pistol Kelly had supplied.  He  aimed it at Manny."You stay here, Manny! I'm going with Fiorello in  the time machine.""Are you nuts?"Manny demanded."I'm flattered, dear boy," Fiorello said, "but—""Let's get moving. Kelly will have that lock open in a minute.""You can't leave me here!"  Manny spluttered, watching Dan crowd intothe cage beside Fiorello."We'll send for you," Dan said.  "Let's go, Fiorello."The balding man snatched suddenly for the gun.  Dan wrestled with him.The pistol fell, bounced on the floor of the cage, skidded into the  far corner of the vault.  Manny charged, reaching for Dan as he twisted  aside; Fiorello's elbow caught him in the mouth.Manny staggered back  into the arms of Kelly, bursting red-faced into the vault."Manny!"Fiorello released his grip on Dan, lunged to aid his  companion.  Kelly passed Manny to one of three cops crowding in on his  heels.Dan clung to the framework as Fiorello grappled with Kelly.  A  cop pushed past them, spotted Dan, moved in briskly for the pinch.  Dangrabbed a lever at random and pulled.Sudden silence fell as the walls of the room glowed blue.  A spectralKelly capered before the cage, fluorescing in the blue-violet.  Dan  swallowed hard and nudged a second lever.  The cage sank like anelevator into the floor, vivid blue washing up its sides.Hastily he reversed the control.  Operating a time machine was trickybusiness.  One little slip, and the Slane molecules would be squeezing  in among brick and mortar particles....But this was no time to be cautious.  Things hadn't turned out just the  way he'd planned, but after all, this was what he'd wanted—in a way.The time machine was his to command.  And if he gave up now and crawled  back into the vault, Kelly would gather him in and pin every art theft  of the past decade on him.It couldn't betoo      hard.He'd take it slowly, figure out the  controls....Dan took a deep breath and tried another lever.  The cage rose gently,  in eerie silence.It reached the ceiling and kept going.  Dan gritted  his teeth as an eight-inch band of luminescence passed down the cage.Then he was emerging into a spacious kitchen.  A blue-haloed cook  waddled to a luminous refrigerator, caught sight of Dan rising slowly  from the floor, stumbled back, mouth open.The cage rose, penetrated a  second ceiling.  Dan looked around at a carpeted hall.Cautiously he neutralized the control lever.  The cage came to rest an  inch above the floor.  As far as Dan could tell, he hadn't traveled somuch as a minute into the past or future.He looked over the controls.  There should be one labeled "Forward"and another labeled "Back", but all the levers were plain, unadorned  black.  They looked, Dan decided, like ordinary circuit-breaker type  knife-switches.In fact, the whole apparatus had the appearance of  something thrown together hastily from common materials.  Still, it  worked.So far he had only found the controls for maneuvering in the  usual three dimensions, but the time switch was bound to be here  somewhere....Dan looked up at a movement at the far end of the hall.A girl's head and shoulders appeared, coming up a spiral staircase.  Inanother second she would see him, and give the alarm—and Dan needed  a few moments of peace and quiet in which to figure out the controls.   He moved a lever.The cage drifted smoothly sideways, sliced through  the wall with a flurry of vivid blue light.  Dan pushed the lever  back.He was in a bedroom now, a wide chamber with flouncy curtains, a  four-poster under a flowered canopy, a dressing table—The door opened and the girl stepped into the room.She was young.  Not  over eighteen, Dan thought—as nearly as he could tell with the blue  light playing around her face.She had long hair tied with a ribbon,  and long legs, neatly curved.  She wore shorts and carried a tennis  racquet in her left hand and an apple in her right.Her back to Dan and  the cage, she tossed the racquet on a table, took a bite of the apple,  and began briskly unbuttoning her shirt.Dan tried moving a lever.  The cage edged toward the girl.  Another;  he rose gently.The girl tossed the shirt onto a chair and undid the  zipper down the side of the shorts.  Another lever; the cage shot toward  the outer wall as the girl reached behind her back....Dan blinked at the flash of blue and looked down.  He was hovering  twenty feet above a clipped lawn.He looked at the levers.  Wasn't it the first one in line that moved the  cage ahead?He tried it, shot forward ten feet.  Below, a man stepped  out on the terrace, lit a cigarette, paused, started to turn his face  up—Dan jabbed at a lever.  The cage shot back through the wall.  He was in aplain room with a depression in the floor, a wide window with a planter  filled with glowing blue plants—The door opened.Even blue, the girl looked graceful as a deer as she  took a last bite of the apple and stepped into the ten-foot-square  sunken tub.  Dan held his breath.The girl tossed the apple core aside,  seemed to suddenly become aware of eyes on her, whirled—With a sudden lurch that threw Dan against the steel bars, thecage shot through the wall into the open air and hurtled off with  an acceleration that kept him pinned, helpless.  He groped for the  controls, hauled at a lever.There was no change.  The cage rushed  on, rising higher.  In the distance, Dan saw the skyline of a town,approaching with frightful speed.  A tall office building reared up  fifteen stories high.  He was headed dead for it—He covered his ears, braced himself—With an abruptness that flung him against the opposite side of thecage,  the machine braked, shot through the wall and slammed to a stop.   Dan sank to the floor of the cage, breathing hard.There was a loud       click!and the glow faded.With a lunge,  Dan scrambled out of the cage.  He stood looking around ata simple brown-painted office,  dimly lit by sunlight filtered through  elaborate venetian blinds.  There were posters on the wall, a pottedplant by the door,  a heap of framed paintings beside it,  and at the far  side of the room a desk.And behind the desk—Something.IIDan gaped at a head the size of a beachball,  mounted on a torso like ahundred-gallon bag of water.  Two large brown eyes blinked at him from  points eight inches apart.  Immense hands with too many fingers unfoldedand reached to open a brown paper carton,  dip in, then toss three  peanuts, deliberately, one by one, into a gaping mouth that opened just  above the brown eyes."Who're you?"  a bass voice demanded from somewhere near the floor."I'm... I'm... Dan Slane... your honor.""What happened to Manny and Fiorello?""They—I—There was this cop.  Kelly—""Oh-oh."The brown eyes blinked deliberately.  The many-fingered hands  closed the peanut carton and tucked it into a drawer."Well, it was a sweet racket while it lasted," the basso voice said.  "A  pity to terminate so happy an enterprise. Still...."  A noise like anamplified Bronx cheer issued from the wide mouth."How... what...?""The carrier returns here automatically when the charge drops below a  critical value," the voice said.  "A necessary measure to discourage  big ideas on the part of wisenheimers in my employ.May I ask how you  happen to be aboard the carrier, by the way?""I just wanted—I mean, after I figured out—that is, the police... Iwent for help," Dan finished lamely."Help? Out of the picture, unfortunately.  One must maintain one'sanonymity, you'll appreciate.  My operation here is under wraps at  present.  Ah, I don't suppose you brought any paintings?"Dan shook his head.  He was staring at the posters.  His eyes,accustoming themselves to the gloom of the office, could now make out  the vividly drawn outline of a creature resembling an alligator-headed  giraffe rearing up above scarlet foliage.  The next poster showed a facesimilar to the beachball behind the desk, with red circles painted  around the eyes.  The next was a view of a yellow volcano spouting fire  into a black sky."Too bad."  The words seemed to come from under the desk.  Dan squinted,caught a glimpse of coiled purplish tentacles.  He gulped and looked up  to catch a brown eye upon him.  Only one.The other seemed to be busily  at work studying the ceiling."I hope," the voice said, "that you ain't harboring no reactionaryracial prejudices.""Gosh, no," Dan reassured the eye.  "I'm crazy about—uh—""Vorplischers," the voice said."From Vorplisch, or Vega, as you call  it."  The Bronx cheer sounded again.  "How I long to glimpse once more mynative fens!  Wherever one wanders, there's no pad like home.""That reminds me," Dan said."I have to be running along now."  He  sidled toward the door."Stick around, Dan," the voice rumbled.  "How about a drink? I can  offer you Chateau Neuf du Pape, '59, Romance Conte, '32, goat's milk,  Pepsi—""No, thanks.""If you don't mind, I believe I'll have a Big Orange."The Vorplischer  swiveled to a small refrigerator, removed an immense bottle fitted with  a nipple and turned back to Dan.  "Now, I got a proposition which may beof some interest to you.  The loss of Manny and Fiorello is a serious  blow, but we may yet recoup the situation.  You made the scene at a mostopportune time.  What I got in mind is, with those two clowns out of the  picture, a vacancy exists on my staff, which you might well fill. How  does that grab you?""You mean you want me to take over operating the time machine?""Time machine?"The brown eyes blinked alternately.  "I fear some  confusion exists. I don't quite dig the significance of the term.""That thing," Dan jabbed a thumb toward the cage.  "The machine I came  here in. You want me—""Time machine," the voice repeated.  "Some sort of chronometer, perhaps?""Huh?""I pride myself on my command of the local idiom, yet I confess the  implied concept snows me."  The nine-fingered hands folded on the desk.The beachball head leaned forward interestedly.  "Clue me, Dan. What's a  time machine?""Well, it's what you use to travel through time."The brown eyes blinked in agitated alternation."Apparently I've loused  up my investigation of the local cultural background. I had no idea  you were capable of that sort of thing."  The immense head leaned back,the wide mouth opening and closing rapidly.  "And to think I've been  spinning my wheels collecting primitive 2-D art!""But—don't you have a time machine? I mean, isn't that one?""That? That's merely a carrier.  Now tell me more about your timemachines. A fascinating concept!  My superiors will be delighted at  this development—and astonished as well.  They regard this planet asEndsville.""Your superiors?"  Dan eyed the window; much too far to jump.  Maybe he  could reach the machine and try a getaway—"I hope you're not thinking of leaving suddenly," the beachball said,  following Dan's glance.  One of the eighteen fingers touched a six-inchyellow cylinder lying on the desk.  "Until the carrier is fueled, I'm  afraid it's quite useless.  But, to put you in the picture, I'd bestintroduce myself and explain my mission here.  I'm Blote, Trader Fourth  Class, in the employ of the Vegan Confederation.  My job is to developnew sources of novelty items for the impulse-emporiums of the entire  Secondary Quadrant.""But the way Manny and Fiorello came sailing in through the wall! Thathasto be a time machine they were riding in. Nothing else could just  materialize out of thin air like that.""You seem to have a time-machine fixation, Dan," Blote said.  "You  shouldn't assume, just because you people have developed time travel,  that everyone has.Now—"  Blote's voice sank to a bass whisper—"I'll  make a deal with you, Dan.  You'll secure a small time machine in goodcondition for me. And in return—""I'msupposed to supply       youwith a time machine?"Blote waggled a stubby forefinger at Dan.  "I dislike pointing it out,  Dan, but you are in a rather awkward position at the moment.  Illegalentry, illegal possession of property, trespass—then doubtless some  embarrassment exists back at the Snithian residence.  I daresay Mr.  Kelly would have a warm welcome for you. And, of course, I myself woulddeal rather harshly with any attempt on your part to take a powder."   The Vegan flexed all eighteen fingers, drummed his tentacles under the  desk, and rolled one eye, bugging the other at Dan."Whereas, on the other hand," Blote's bass voice went on, "you and me  got the basis of a sweet deal. You supply the machine, and I fix you up  with an abundance of the local medium of exchange.Equitable enough, I  should say.  What about it, Dan?""Ah, let me see," Dan temporized.  "Time machine. Time machine—""Don't attempt to weasel on me, Dan,"Blote rumbled ominously."I'd better look in the phone book," Dan suggested.Silently, Blote produced a dog-eared directory.  Dan opened it."Time, time. Let's see...."He brightened.  "Time, Incorporated; local  branch office.  Two twenty-one Maple Street.""A sales center?"  Blote inquired.  "Or a manufacturing complex?""Both," Dan said.  "I'll just nip over and—""That won't be necessary, Dan," Blote said.  "I'll accompany you."  He  took the directory, studied it."Remarkable! A common commodity, openly on sale, and I failed to notice  it.  Still, a ripe nut can fall from a small tree as well as from alarge."  He went to his desk, rummaged, came up with a handful of fuel  cells.  "Now, off to gather in the time machine."He took his place in  the carrier, patted the seat beside him with a wide hand.  "Come, Dan.  Get a wiggle on."Hesitantly, Dan moved to the carrier.The bluff was all right up to a  point—but the point had just about been reached.  He took his seat.Blote moved a lever.  The familiar blue glow sprang up.  "Kindly direct  me, Dan," Blote demanded."Two twenty-one Maple Street, I believe you  said.""I don't know the town very well," Dan said, "but Maple's over thatway."Blote worked levers.  The carrier shot out into a ghostly afternoon sky.Faint outlines of buildings, like faded negatives, spread below.  Dan  looked around, spotted lettering on a square five-story structure."Over there," he said.  Blote directed the machine as it swooped  smoothly toward the flat roof Dan indicated."Better let me take over now," Dan suggested.  "I want to be sure to  get us to the right place.""Very well, Dan."Dan dropped the carrier through the roof, passed down through a dimlyseen office.  Blote twiddled a small knob.  The scene around the cage  grew even fainter."Best we remain unnoticed," he explained.The cage descended steadily.  Dan peered out, searching for identifyinglandmarks.  He leveled off at the second floor, cruised along a barely  visible corridor.  Blote's eyes rolled, studying the small chambersalong both sides of the passage at once."Ah, this must be the assembly area," he exclaimed.  "I see the machinesemploy a bar-type construction, not unlike our carriers.""That's right," Dan said, staring through the haziness.  "This is wherethey do time...."  He tugged at a lever suddenly; the machine veered  left, flickered through a barred door, came to a halt.  Two nebulousfigures loomed beside the cage.  Dan cut the switch.  If he'd guessed  wrong—The scene fluoresced, sparks crackling, then popped into sharp focus.   Blote scrambled out, brown eyes swivelling to take in the concretewalls, the barred door and—"You!" a hoarse voice bellowed."Grab him!"  someone yelled.Blote recoiled, threshing his ambulatory members in a fruitless attemptto regain the carrier as Manny and Fiorello closed in.  Dan hauled at a  lever.  He caught a last glimpse of three struggling, blue-lit figuresas the carrier shot away through the cell wall.IIIDan slumped back against the seat with a sigh.  Now that he was in the  clear, he would have to decide on his next move—fast.There was no  telling what other resources Blote might have.  He would have to hide  the carrier, then—A low growling was coming from somewhere, rising in pitch and volume.   Dan sat up, alarmed.This was no time for a malfunction.The sound rose higher, into a penetrating wail.  There was no sign ofmechanical trouble.  The carrier glided on, swooping now over a nebulous  landscape of trees and houses.  Dan covered his ears against thedeafening shriek, like all the police sirens in town blaring at once.   If the carrier stopped it would be a long fall from here.  Dan workedthe controls, dropping toward the distant earth.The noise seemed to lessen, descending the scale.  Dan slowed, broughtthe carrier in to the corner of a wide park.  He dropped the last few  inches and cut the switch.As the glow died, the siren faded into silence.Dan stepped from the carrier and looked around.  Whatever the noisewas, it hadn't attracted any attention from the scattered pedestrians  in the park.  Perhaps it was some sort of burglar alarm.  But if so, whyhadn't it gone into action earlier?  Dan took a deep breath.  Sound or no  sound, he would have to get back into the carrier and transfer it to asecluded spot where he could study it at leisure.  He stepped back in,  reached for the controls—There was a sudden chill in the air.  The bright surface of the dials  before him frosted over.  There was a loudpop!like a flashbulb  exploding.Dan stared from the seat at an iridescent rectangle  which hung suspended near the carrier.  Its surface rippled,  fadedto blankness.  In a swirl of frosty air, a tall figure dressed in a  tight-fitting white uniform stepped through.Dan gaped at the small rounded head, the dark-skinned long-nosed face,  the long, muscular arms, the hands, their backs tufted with curly  red-brown hair, the strange long-heeled feet in soft boots.  A neatpillbox cap with a short visor was strapped low over the deep-set  yellowish eyes, which turned in his direction.  The wide mouth opened in  a smile which showed square yellowish teeth."Alors, monsieur," the new-comer said, bending his knees and back in  a quick bow.  "Vous ete une indigine, n'est ce pas?""No compree,"  Dan choked out "Uh... juh no parlay Fransay....""My error.This is the Anglic colonial sector, isn't it?  Stupid of me.   Permit me to introduce myself.I'm Dzhackoon,  Field Agent of Class  five, Inter-dimensional Monitor Service.""That siren," Dan said.  "Was that you?"Dzhackoon nodded."For a moment, it appeared you were disinclined to  stop.  I'm glad you decided to be reasonable.""What outfit did you say you were with?"  Dan asked."The Inter-dimensional Monitor Service.""Inter-what?""Dimensional.The word is imprecise, of course, but it's the best our  language coder can do, using the Anglic vocabulary.""What do you want with me?"... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
What is the author's purpose in providing such detailed descriptions of Blote and Dzhackoon?

 (A) To better familiarize the audience with the setting of the places Dan visited.
 (B) To explain why Dan was so intrigued by these characters.
 (C) To show that people in the future do not look as human as a character like Dan.
 (D) To show that these characters are unlike the human ones on Earth.

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

