<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are provided a story and a multiple-choice question with 4 possible answers (marked by A, B, C, D). Choose the best answer by writing its corresponding letter (either A, B, C, or D).

Story:
CAPTAIN CHAOSBy NELSON S. BONDThe Callisto-boundLeoneededa cook.  What it got was a piping-voicedJonah who jinxed it straight into Chaos.We picked up our new cook on Phobos.  Not Phoebus or Phoebe; I meanPhobos, Mars' inner moon.  Our regular victual mangler came down with  acute indigestion—tasted some of his own cooking, no doubt—when we  were just one blast of a jet-tube out of Sand City spaceport.But since  we were rocketing under sealed orders, we couldn't turn back.So we laid theLeodown on Phobos' tiny cradle-field and bundled  our ailing grub-hurler off to a hospital, and the skipper said to me,"Mister Dugan," he said, "go out and find us a cook!""Aye, sir!"  I said, and went.Only it wasn't that easy.  In those days, Phobos had only a handful  of settlers, and most of them had good-paying jobs.Besides, we were  at war with the Outer Planets, and no man in his right senses wanted  to sign for a single-trip jump on a rickety old patrolship bound for  nobody-knew-where.And, of course, cooks are dime-a-dozen when you  don't need one, but when you've got to locate one in a hurry they're as  difficult to find as petticoats in a nudist camp.I tried the restaurants and the employment agencies, but it was no  dice.  I tried the hotels and the tourist homes and even one or two  of the cleaner-looking joy-joints.Again I drew a blank.  So, getting  desperate, I audioed a plaintive appeal to the wealthy Phobosian  colonists, asking that one of the more patriotic sons-of-riches donatea chef's services to the good old I.P.S., but my only response was a  loud silence.So I went back to the ship.I said, "Sorry, sir. We're up against it. I  can't seem to find a cook on the whole darned satellite."The skipper scowled at me from under a corduroy brow and fumed,"But  we've got to have a cook, Dugan! We can't go on without one!""In a pinch," I told him, "Imight be able to boil a few pies, or  scramble us a steak or something, Skipper.""Thanks, Dugan, but that won't do.  On this trip the men must be fed  regularly and well.  Makeshift meals are O.Q. on an ordinary run, butwhen you're running the blockade—"He stopped abruptly.  But too late; I had caught his slip of the tongue.I stared at him.  I said, "The blockade, sir? Then you've read our  orders?"The Old Man nodded soberly."Yes. You might as well know, Lieutenant.Everyone will be told as soon  as theLeo      lifts gravs again.My orders were to be opened four hours  after leaving Sand City.  I read them a few minutes ago."We are to attempt to run the Outer Planets Alliance blockade at any  spot which reconnaisance determines as favorable.  Our objective is  Jupiter's fourth satellite, Callisto.The Solar Federation Intelligence  Department has learned of a loyalist uprising on that moon.  It is  reported that Callisto is weary of the war, with a little promptingwill secede from the Alliance and return to the Federation."If this is true, it means we have at last found the foothold we have  been seeking; a salient within easy striking distance of Jupiter,capital of the Alliance government.  Our task is to verify the rumor  and, if it be true, make a treaty with the Callistans."I said, "Sweet howling stars—some assignment, sir!  A chance to end  this terrible war... form a permanent union of the entire Solar  family... bring about a new age of prosperity and happiness.""If," Cap O'Hara reminded me, "we succeed. But it's a tough job. We  can't expect to win through the enemy cordon unless our men are in top  physical condition. And that means a sound, regular diet.So we must  find a cook, or—""The search," interrupted an oddly high-pitched, but not unpleasantvoice, "is over. Where's the galley?"I whirled, and so did the Old Man.  Facing us was an outlandish little  figure; a slim, trim, natty little Earthman not more than five-foot-two  in height; a smooth-cheeked young fellow swaddled in a spaceman'suniform at least three sizes too large.  Into the holster of his harness  was thrust a Haemholtz ray-pistol big enough to burn an army, and in  his right hand he brandished a huge, gleaming carving-knife.He frowned  at us impatiently."Well," he repeated impatiently, "where is it?"The Old Man stared."W-who," he demanded dazedly, "might you be?""I might be," retorted the little stranger, "lots of people. But I came  here to be your new cook."O'Hara said, "The new—What's your name, mister?""Andy," replied the newcomer.  "Andy Laney."The Old Man's lip curled speculatively.  "Well, Andy Laney," he said,  "you don't look like much of a cook tome."But the little mugg just returned the Old Man's gaze coolly."Which  makes it even," he retorted.  "Youdon't look like much of a skipper  tome      . Do I get the job, or don't I?"The captain's grin faded, and his jowls turned pink.  I stepped forward  hastily.I said, "Excuse me, sir, shall I handle this?"  Then, because  the skipper was still struggling for words:  "You," I said to the littlefellow, "are a cook?""One of the best!" he claimed complacently."You're willing to sign for a blind journey?""Would I be here," he countered, "if I weren't?""And you have your space certificate?""I—" began the youngster."Smart Aleck!"  That was the Old Man, exploding into coherence at last.   "Rat-tailed, clever-cracking little smart Aleck!Don't look like much  of a skipper, eh?  Well, my fine young rooster—"I said quickly, "If you don't mind, sir, this is no time to worry overtrifles.  'Any port in a storm,' you know.  And if this young mancancook—"The skipper's color subsided.  So did he, grumbling."Well, perhaps  you're right, Dugan.  All right, Slops, you're hired.  The galley'son the second level, port side.  Mess in three quarters of an  hour.  Get going!Dugan, call McMurtrie and tell him we lift gravs  immediately—Slops!What are you doing at that table?"For the little fellow had sidled across the control-room and now, eyesgleaming inquisitively, was peering at our trajectory charts.  At the  skipper's roar he glanced up at us eagerly."Vesta!" he piped in that curiously high-pitched and mellow voice.   "Loft trajectory for Vesta!  Then we're trying to run the Allianceblockade, Captain?""None of your business!" bellowed O'Hara in tones of thunderous  outrage."Get below instantly, or by the lavendar lakes of Luna I'll—""If I were you," interrupted our diminutive new chef thoughtfully,  "I'dtry to broach the blockade off Iris rather than Vesta.  For one thing,  their patrol line will be thinner there; for another, you can come in  through the Meteor Bog, using it as a cover.""Mr. Dugan!"The Old Man's voice had an ominous ring to it, one I had seldom heard.I sprang to attention and saluted smartly.  "Aye, sir?""Take this—this culinary tactician out of my sight before I forget I'man officer and a gentleman.  And tell him that when I want advice I'll  come down to the galley for it!"A hurt look crept into the youngster's eyes.  Slowly he turned and  followed me from the turret, down the ramp, and into the pan-lined  cubicle which was his proper headquarters.When I was turning to leave  he said apologetically,  "I didn't mean any harm, Mr. Dugan. I was just  trying to help.""You must learn not to speak out of turn, youngster," I told him  sternly.  "The Old Man's one of the smartest space navigators who everlifted gravs. He doesn't need the advice or suggestions of a cook.""But I was raised in the Belt," said the little chap plaintively.  "Iknow the Bog like a book. And I was right; our safest course       isby  way of Iris."Well, there you are! You try to be nice to someone, and what happens?   He tees off on you.I got a little sore I guess.  Anyhow, I told the  little squirt off, but definitely."Now, listen!"  I said bluntly.  "You volunteered for the job. Now  you've got to take what comes with it: orders!From now on, suppose  you take care of the cooking and let the rest of us worry about the  ship—Captain Slops!"And I left, banging the door behind me hard.So we hit the spaceways for Vesta, and after a while the Old Man called  up the crew and told them our destination, and if you think they were  scared or nervous or anything like that, why, you just don't know  spacemen.From oil-soaked old Jock McMurtrie, the Chief Engineer, all  the way down the line to Willy, our cabin-boy, theLeo's      complementwas as thrilled as a sub-deb at an Academy hop.John Wainwright, our First Officer, licked his chops like a fox in a  hen-house and said, "The blockade! Oboyoboy! Maybe we'll tangle withone of the Alliance ships, hey?"Blinky Todd, an ordinary with highest rating, said with a sort of  macabre satisfaction, "I hopes wedomeet up with 'em, that's whut I  does, sir!  Never did have no love for them dirty, skulkin' Outlanders,that's whut I didn't!"And one of the black-gang blasters, a taciturn chap, said nothing—but  the grim set of his jaw and the purposeful way he spat on his callusedpaws were mutely eloquent.Only one member of the crew was absent from the conclave.  Our newSlops.  He was busy preparing midday mess, it seems, because scarcely  had the skipper finished talking than the audio hummed and a cheerful  call rose from the galley:"Soup's on! Come and get it!"Which we did.And whatever failings "Captain Slops" might have, he  had not exaggerated when he called himself one of the best cooks in  space.  That meal, children, was a meal!When it comes to victuals  I can destroy better than describe, but there was stuff and things  and such-like, all smothered in gravy and so on, and huge quantities  of this and that and the other thing, all of them unbelievablydee-luscious!Beyond a doubt it was the finest feast we of theLeohad enjoyed in  a 'coon's age.  Even the Old Man admitted that as, leaning back from  the table, he patted the pleasant bulge due south of his belt buckle.He rang the bell that summoned Slops from the galley, and the little  fellow came bustling in apprehensively."Was everything all right, sir?" he asked."Not only all right, Slops," wheezed Captain O'Hara, "but perfect!Accept my congratulations on a superb meal, my boy.  Did you find  everything O.Q. in the galley?""Captain Slops" blushed like a stereo-struck school-gal, and fidgeted  from one foot to another."Oh, thank you, sir! Thank you very much.Yes, the galley was in fine  order.  That is—"  He hesitated—"there is one little thing, sir.""So? Well, speak up, son, what is it? I'll get it fixed for you right  away."  The Old Man smiled archly."Must have everything shipshape for a  tip-top chef, what?"The young hash-slinger still hesitated bashfully."But it's such alittle      thing, sir, I almost hate to bother you withit.""No trouble at all. Just say the word.""Well, sir," confessed Slops reluctantly, "I need an incinerator in  the galley.  The garbage-disposal system in there now is old-fashioned,  inconvenient and unsanitary.You see, I have to carry the waste down  two levels to the rocket-chamber in order to expel it."The skipper's brow creased."I'm sorry, Slops," he said, "but I don't see how we can do anything  about that. Not just now, at any rate. That job requires equipment we  don't have aboard. After this jump is over I'll see what I can do.""Oh, I realize we don't have the regular equipment," said Slops shyly,  "but I've figured out a way to get the same effect with equipment we  do have.There's an old Nolan heat-cannon rusting in the storeroom.  If that could be installed by the galley vent, I could use it as an  incinerator."I said, "Hold everything, Slops! You can't do that!  It's against  regulations.  Code 44, Section xvi, says, 'Fixed armament shall beplaced only in gunnery embrasures insulated against the repercussions  of firing charges, re-radiation, or other hazards accruent to heavy  ordnance.'"Our little chef's face fell.  "Now, that's too bad," he said  discouragedly.  "I was planning a special banquet for tomorrow, withroast marsh-duck and all the fixings, pinberry pie—but, oh, well!—if  I have no incinerator—"The skipper's eyes bulged, and he drooled like a pup at a barbeque.He was a bit of a sybarite, was Captain David O'Hara; if there was  anything he dearly loved to exercise his molars on it was Venusian  marsh-duck topped with a dessert of Martian pinberry pie.He said:"We-e-ell, now, Mr. Dugan, let's not be too technical.  After all, thatrule was put in the book only to prevent persons which shouldn't ought  to do so from having control of ordnance.  But that isn't what Slops  wants the cannon for, is it, son?So I don't see any harm in rigging  up the old Nolan in the galley for incineration purposes.  Did you sayallthe fixings, Slops?"Maybe I was mistaken, but for a moment I suspected I caught a queer  glint in our little chef's eyes; it might have been gratitude, or, onthe other hand, it might have been self-satisfaction.  Whatever it was  it passed quickly, and Captain Slops' soft voice was smooth as silk  when he said:"Yes, Captain, all the fixings. I'll start cooking the meal as soon as  the new incinerator is installed."So that was that.  During the night watch two men of the crew luggedthe ancient Nolan heat cannon from stores and I went below to check.  I  found young Slops bent over the old cannon, giving it a strenuous and  thorough cleaning.The way he was oiling and scrubbing at that antique  reminded me of an apprentice gunner coddling his first charge.I must have startled him, entering unexpectedly as I did, for when Isaid, "Hi, there!"  he jumped two feet and let loose a sissy little  piping squeal.  Then, crimson-faced with embarrassment, he said, "Oh,h-hello, Lieutenant.  I was just getting my new incinerator shipshape.   Looks O.Q., eh?""If you ask me," I said, "it looks downright lethal.  The Old Man must  be off his gravs to let a young chuckle-head like you handle that toy.""But I'm only going to use it," he said plaintively, "to dispose of  garbage.""Well, don't dump your cans when there are any ships within range," I  warned him glumly, "or there'll be a mess of human scraps littering up  the void.  That gun may be a museum piece, but it still packs a wallop.""Yes, sir," said Slops meekly.  "I'll be careful how I use it, sir."I had finished my inspection, and I sniggered as his words reminded me  of a joke I'd heard at a spacemans' smoker."Speaking of being careful, did you hear the giggler about the old maidat the Martian baths?  Well, it seems this perennial spinster wandered,  by accident, into the men's shower room and met up with a brawny young  prospector—"Captain Slops said, "Er—excuse me, Lieutenant, but I have to get this  marsh-duck stuffed.""Plenty of time, Slops. Wait till you hear this; it will kill you.  The  old maid got flustered and said, 'Oh, I'm sorry! I must be in the wrong  compartment—'""If you don't mind, Mr. Dugan," interrupted the cook loudly, "I'm  awfully busy. I don't have any time for—""The prospector looked her over carefully for a couple of seconds; then  answered, 'That's O.Q. by me, sister. I won't—'""I—I've got to go now, Lieutenant," shouted Slops."Just remembered  something I've got to get from stores."  And without even waiting to  hear the wallop at the end of my tale he fled from the galley, verypink and flustered.So there was one for the log-book!  Not only did our emergency chef lacka sense of humor, but the little punk was bashful, as well!  Still, it  was no skin off my nose if Slops wanted to miss the funniest yarn of a  decade.I shrugged and went back to the control turret.All that, to make an elongated story brief, happened on the first day  out of Mars.  As any schoolchild knows, it's a full hundred million from  the desert planet to the asteroid belt.In those days, there was no  such device as a Velocity-Intensifier unit, and theLeo      , even thoughshe was then considered a reasonably fast little patroller, muddled  along at a mere 400,000 m.p.h.  Which meant it would take us at least  ten days, perhaps more, to reach that disputed region of space aroundVesta, where the Federation outposts were sparse and the Alliance block  began.That period of jetting was a mingled joy and pain in the britches.Captain Slops was responsible for both.For one thing, as I've hinted before, he was a bit of a panty-waist.It wasn't so much the squeaky voice or the effeminate gestures he cut  loose with from time to time.  One of the roughest, toughest scoundrelswho ever cut a throat on Venus was "High G" Gordon, who talked like a  boy soprano, and the meanest pirate who ever highjacked a freighter was  "Runt" Hake—who wore diamond ear-rings and gold fingernail polish!But it was Slops' general attitude that isolated him from the command  and crew.  In addition to being a most awful prude, he was a kill-joy.When just for a lark we begged him to boil us a pot of spaghetti, so we  could pour a cold worm's nest into Rick Bramble's bed, he shuddered and  refused."Certainly not!" he piped indignantly.  "You must be out of your minds!  I never heard of such a disgusting trick!  Of course, I won't be a partyto it.  Worms—Ugh!""Yeah!" snorted Johnny Wainwright disdainfully,"And       ugh!to you,  too.Come on, Joe, let's get out of here before we give Slops bad  dreams and goose-flesh!"Nor was hypersensitiveness Slops' worst failing.If he was squeamish  about off-color jokes and such stuff, he had no compunctions whatsoever  against sticking his nose in where it didn't belong.He was an inveterate prowler.  He snooped everywhere and anywhere from  ballast-bins to bunk-rooms.  He quizzed the Chief about engine-roompractices, the gunner's mate on problems of ballistics, even the  cabin-boy on matters of supplies and distribution of same.  He was not  only an asker; he was a teller, as well.More than once during the next  nine days he forced on the skipper the same gratuitous advice which  before had enraged the Old Man.  By sheer perseverance he earned thetitle I had tagged him with:  "Captain Slops."I was willing to give him another title, too—Captain Chaos.God knows  he created enough of it!"It's a mistake to broach the blockade at Vesta," he argued over andover again."O.Q., Slops," the skipper would nod agreeably, with his mouth full  of some temper-softening tidbit, "you're right and I'm wrong, as youusually are.  But I'm in command of theLeo      , and you ain't.Now, run  along like a good lad and bring me some more of this salad."So ten days passed, and it was on the morning of the eleventh day outof Sand City that we ran into trouble with a capital trub.  I remember  that morning well, because I was in the mess-hall having breakfast with  Cap O'Hara, and Slops was playing another variation on the old familiartheme."I glanced at the chart this morning, sir," he began as he minced in  with a platterful of golden flapjacks and an ewer of Vermont maplesyrup, "and I see we are but an hour or two off Vesta. I am very much  afraid this is our last chance to change course—""And for that," chuckled the Old Man, "Hooray! Pass them pancakes, son.Maybe now you'll stop shooting off about how we ought to of gone by way  of Iris.  Mmmm! Good!""Thank you, sir," said Slops mechanically.  "But you realize there is  extreme danger of encountering enemy ships?""Keep your pants on, Slops!""Eh?"The chef looked startled.  "Beg pardon, sir?""I said keep your pants on. Sure, I know.And I've took precautions.   There's a double watch on duty, and men at every gun.  If we do meet upwith an Alliance craft, it'll be just too bad for them!"Yes, sirree!"  The Old Man grinned comfortably."I almost hope we  do bump into one.  After we burn it out of the void we'll have clear  sailing all the way to Callisto.""But—but if there should be more than one, sir?""Don't be ridiculous, my boy. Why should there be?""Well, for one thing," wrangled our pint-sized cook, "because rich  ekalastron deposits were recently discovered on Vesta.  For another,because Vesta's orbit is now going into aphelion stage, which will  favor a concentration of raiders."The skipper choked, spluttered, and disgorged a bite of half-masticatedpancake."Eka—Great balls of fire! Are you sure?""Of course, I'm sure. I told you days ago that I was born and raised in  the Belt, Captain.""I know. But why didn't you tell me about Vesta before? I mean aboutthe ekalastron deposits?""Why—why, because—" said Slops.  "Because—""Don't give me lady-logic, you dope!"  roared the Old Man, an enraged  lion now, his breakfast completely forgotten."Give me a sensible  answer!  If you'd told methatinstead of just yipping and yapping  about how via Iris was a nicer route I'd have listened to you!  As it  is, we're blasting smack-dab into the face of danger.And us on the  most vital mission of the whole ding-busted war!"He was out of his seat, bustling to the audio, buzzing LieutenantWainwright on the bridge."Johnny—that you? Listen, change traj quick!  Set a new course throughthe Belt by way of Iris and the Bog, and hurry up, because—"What reason he planned to give I do not know, for he never finished  that sentence.At that moment the       Leorattled like a Model AA  spacesled in an ionic storm, rolled, quivered and slewed like a drunkon a freshly-waxed floor.  The motion needed no explanation; it was  unmistakeable to any spacer who has ever hopped the blue.  Our ship hadbeen gripped, and was now securely locked, in the clutch of a tractor  beam!What happened next was everything at once.  Officers Wainwright and  Bramble were in the turret, and they were both good sailors.They knew  their duties and how to perform them.  An instant after theLeohad  been assaulted, the ship bucked and slithered again, this time with the  repercussions of our own ordnance.  Over the audio, which Sparks hadhastily converted into an all-way, inter-ship communicating unit, came  a jumble of voices.  A call for Captain O'Hara to "Come to the bridge,  sir!"...  the harsh query of Chief McMurtrie,  "Tractor beams on stern  and prow, sir.Shall I attempt to break them?"  ...  and a thunderousgroooom!from the fore-gunnery port as a crew went into action...  a  plaintive little shriek from somebody... maybe from Slops himself....Then on an ultra-wave carrier, drowning local noises beneath waves of  sheer volume, came English words spoken with a foreign intonation.  Thevoice of the Alliance commander."Ahoy theLeo!  Calling the captain of theLeo      !"O'Hara, his great fists knotted at his sides, called back,  "O'Hara of  theLeoanswering.  What do you want?""Stand by to admit a boarding party, Captain.  It is futile to resist.   You are surrounded by six armed craft,and your vessel is locked in  our tensiles.  Any further effort to make combat will bring about your  immediate destruction!"From the bridge, topside, snarled Johnny Wainwright,  "The hell with  'em, Skipper! Let's fight it out!"And elsewhere on the       Leoangry  voices echoed the same defi.Never in my life had I felt such a  heart-warming love for and pride in my companions as at that tense  moment.  But the Old Man shook his head, and his eyes were glistening."It's no use," he moaned strickenly, more to himself than to me.  "I  can't sacrifice brave men in a useless cause, Dugan.I've got to—"  He  faced the audio squarely.  To the enemy commander he said, "Very good,sir!  In accordance with the Rules of War,  I surrender into your hands!"The firing ceased, and a stillness like that of death blanketed the       Leo.It was then that Andy Laney, who had lingered in the galley doorway  like a frozen figuring, broke into babbling incredulous speech."You—you're giving up like this?"he bleated.  "Is this all you're  going to do?"The Old Man just looked at him, saying never a word, but that glance  would have blistered the hide off a Mercurian steelback.  I'm more  impetuous.I turned on the little idiot vituperatively."Shut up, you fool!  Don't you realize there's not a thing we can do butsurrender?  Dead, we're of no earthly use to anyone.  Alive, there is  always a chance one of us may get away, bring help.We have a mission  to fulfil, an important one.  Corpses can't run errands.""But—but if they take us prisoners," he questioned fearfully, "what  will they do with us?""A concentration camp somewhere. Perhaps on Vesta.""And theLeo      ?""Who knows? Maybe they'll send it to Jupiter with a prize crew in  command.""That's what I thought.  But they mustn't be allowed to do that.  We're  marked with the Federation tricolor!"A sharp retort trembled on the tip of my tongue, but I never uttered  it.  Indeed, I swallowed it as comprehension dawned.There came to me  the beginnings of respect for little Andy Laney's wisdom.  He had been  right about the danger of the Vesta route, as we had learned to ourcost; now he was right on this other score.The skipper got it, too.  His jaw dropped.He said, "Heaven help us,  it's the truth!  To reach Jupiter you've got to pass Callisto.  If theCallistans saw a Federation vessel, they'd send out an emissary to  greet it.  Our secret would be discovered, Callisto occupied by the  enemy...."I think he would have turned, then, and given orders to continue the  fight even though it meant suicide for all of us.  But it was too late.Already our lock had opened to the attackers; down the metal ramp we  now heard the crisp cadence of invading footsteps.  The door swung open,  and the Alliance commandant stood smiling triumphantly before us.... [The rest of the story is omitted]

Question and Possible Answers:
What is the most likely meaning of the slang O.Q.? (in twentieth-century American English)

 (A) cool
 (B) no worries
 (C) my bad
 (D) O.K./OK

Answer:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

