<|begin_of_text|><|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>

You are a helpful assistant. Always follow the task instruction carefully. The first paragraph before the first double line break contains the task instruction. Generate text as a natural continuation of the user message. Do not include any meta-commentary or explanations.<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>user<|end_header_id|>

You are given a report by a government agency. Write a one-page summary of the report.

Report:
Law Enforcement Agencies Reported Various Uses and Benefits from the Transfer of the DOD Excess Controlled Property   Federal law enforcement agencies and state coordinators in our survey—as well as officials we interviewed from federal, state, and local law  enforcement agencies—reported various uses of DOD excess controlled  property for law enforcement activities.  The reported uses included  enhancing counterdrug, counterterrorism, and border-security activities.   Also, law enforcement agencies reported using DOD’s excess controlled  property for other law enforcement activities, such as search and rescue,  natural disaster response, surveillance, reaching barricaded suspects,  police training, and the serving of warrants.Federal, state, and local agencies cited a number of ways in which they  had benefited from LESO program, with several reporting that the  transfers of controlled property allowed them to save money.  For  example, a local law enforcement official in Texas reported that 96  percent of the department budget goes to salaries and that the LESO  program helped the department acquire items that it would otherwise not  be able to afford, saving the department an estimated $2 million to $3  million.  Additionally, agencies provided examples of how property they  received through the LESO program have been used.  For example, the  Bureau of Indian Affairs officials reported they have used vehicles to  support their Office of Justice Services’ drug unit during marijuana  eradication and border operations by providing transport to agents over  inhospitable terrain in mountainous and desert environments.In another, Texas law officials the San Marcos  and used their issuedistant to rescue than 600 in   the Sheriff Department reported that it used a robot to remove a rifle  from an attempted murder suspect who had barricaded himself.DLA Has Taken Some Actions to Address Weaknesses in Its Excess Controlled Property Program, but Deficiencies Exist in Key Processes  		 DLA Actions to Address Weaknesses in LESO ProgramDLA has taken address weaknesses for and its excess controlledproperty through procedures on the  management, oversight, and accountability of the LESO program.  Such  revisions were made, in part, because of recommendations made by the  DOD and DLA Offices of Inspector General.The DOD and DLA Offices of  Inspector General conducted four audits of the LESO program between  2003 and 2013 that identified more than a dozen recommendations, such  as developing and implementing written standard operating procedures  for the approval and disapproval of law enforcement agency property  requests and issuance, transfer, turn-in and disposal of LESO property.  In  our July 2017 report, we found the department had taken the following  actions to enhance its transfer process through revisions to policy and  procedures:   transitioned full management responsibility of the LESO Program to DLA Disposition Services in 2009;  developed LESO Program Standard Operating Procedures in 2012 and updated them in 2013;transitioned to a new data system in 2013 after identifying that the old system was not capable of post-issue tracking; revised the DLA instruction that provides policy, responsibility, and procedures for DLA’s management responsibilities of the LESO program in 2014 and 2016;  and revised LESO program processes in 2016 to incorporate recommendations made by the Federal Interagency Law Enforcement Equipment Working Group, such as defining executive order controlled property or prohibiting schools K-12 from participating in the program., D is developing additional training on  LESO is establishing   agencies the general of the the controlled  		LA Has Def Its for andving andring Property and Has Not Conducted a Risk AssessmentWe found in) verifying and approving  applications, (2) transferring property, and (3) the assessment of risk.   First, our independent testing of the LESO program’s internal controls  identified deficiencies in the processes for verification and approval of  federal law enforcement agency applications.Specifically, our  investigators posing as authorized federal law enforcement officials of a  fictitious agency applied and were granted access to the LESO program  in early 2017.  In late 2016, we emailed our completed application to the  LESO program office.  Our application contained fictitious information  including agency name, number of employees, point of contact, and  physical location.  In early 2017, after revising our application at the  direction of LESO officials we were notified that our fictitious law  enforcement agency was approved to participate in the LESO program.LESO officials also emailed us to request confirmation of our agency’s  authorizing statute; in response, our investigators submitted fictitious  authorizing provisions as provisions in the U.S. Code.  At no point during  the application process did LESO officials verbally contact officials at the  agency we created—either the main point of contact listed on the  application or the designated point of contact at a headquarters’ level—to  verify the legitimacy of our application or to discuss establishing a  memorandum of understanding with our agency.  DLA’s internal controls for verifying and approving federal agency  applications and enrollment in the LESO program were not adequate to  prevent the approval of a fraudulent application to obtain excess  controlled property.Specifically, LESO’s reliance on electronic  communications without actual verification does not allow it to properly  vet for potentially fraudulent activity.  For example, DLA did not require  supervisory approval for all federal agency applications, or require  confirmation of the application with designated points of contact at the  headquarters of participating federal agencies.  Additionally, at the time  we submitted our application, DLA officials did not visit the location of the  applying federal law enforcement agency to help verify the legitimacy of  the application.  After our briefing of DLA officials in March 2017 on the  results of our investigative work, DLA officials stated they took immediate  action, and in April 2017 visited 13 participating federal law enforcement  agencies.However, at this time DLA has not reviewed and revised the  policy or procedures for verifying and approving federal agency  applications and enrollment in the LESO program.  Second, our independent testing also identified deficiencies in the transfer  of controlled property, such as DLA personnel not routinely requesting  and verifying identification of individuals picking up controlled property or  verifying the quantity of approved items prior to transfer.  Our  investigators, after being approved to participate in the LESO program,  obtained access to the department’s online systems to view and request  controlled property.We subsequently submitted requests to obtain  controlled property, including non-lethal items and potentially-lethal items  if modified with commercially available items.  In less than a week after  submitting the requests, our fictitious agency was approved for the  transfer of over 100 controlled property items with a total estimated value  of about $1.2 million.  The estimated value of each item ranged from $277  to over $600,000, including items such as night-vision goggles, reflex  (also known as reflector) sights, infrared illuminators, simulated pipe  bombs, and simulated rifles.  Our investigator scheduled appointments  and obtained the controlled property items, such as those shown in the  photos below.Using fictitious identification and law enforcement credentials, along with  the LESO-approved documentation, our investigator was able to pass  security checks and enter the DLA Disposition Service warehouse sites.   Personnel at two of the three sites did not request or check for valid  identification of our investigator picking up the property.  According to DLA  guidance, direct pickup of allocated property may be made by an  individual with valid identification and the appropriate DOD authorization  form that is signed by the authorized individual listed in the letter.DLA has not taken steps to reasonably ensure that onsite officials  routinely request and verify valid identification of the individual(s)  authorized to pick up allocated property from the LESO program, as  required by the guidance.  DLA officials acknowledged they could take  additional steps to ensure compliance with the requirements in the  handbook.  Furthermore, although we were approved to receive over 100  items and the transfer documentation reflects this amount, we were  provided more items than we were approved to receive.The discrepancy  involved one type of item—infrared illuminators.  We requested 48 infrared  illuminators but onsite officials at one Disposition Services site provided  us with 51 infrared illuminators in 52 pouches, of which one pouch was  empty.  Additionally, we found that one DLA Disposition Services site had  a checklist as a part of their transfer documentation for their personnel to  complete.  The checklist required manual completion of several items,  including quantity, date, and who fulfilled the order.The other two DLA  Disposition Services sites, including the site that transferred the wrong  quantity, did not include this checklist with the transfer documentation we  received.  DLA guidance states that accountability records be maintained  in auditable condition to allow property to be traced from receipt to final  disposition.  We concluded that without guidance that specifically  requires DLA Disposition Services’ on-site officials to verify the type and  quantity of approved items against the actual items being transferred prior  to removal from the sites, DLA will lack reasonable assurance that the  approved items transferred are appropriately reflected in their inventory  records.Third, while DLA has taken some steps, mostly in early 2017, to address  identified deficiencies in the LESO program, DLA lacks a comprehensive  framework for instituting fraud prevention and mitigation measures.   During the course of our review, DLA revised the LESO program  applications by requiring applicants to sign an attestation that the agency  that they represent is a legitimate law enforcement agency.  Further, DLA  officials stated they are more carefully reviewing the legitimacy of some  information on the application such as email addresses and physically  visiting federal agencies that enter into memorandums of understanding  with the LESO program.However, as previously discussed, we identified internal controls  weakness in the policy and procedures for verifying and approving federal  agency applications and enrollment as well as weakness throughout the  process from approval to the actual transfer of the items to the agencies,  which indicates that DLA has not examined potential risks for all stages of  the process.  According to GAO’s Fraud Risk Framework, effective fraud  risk managers collect and analyze data on identified fraud schemes, use  these lessons learned to improve fraud risk management activities, and  plan and conduct fraud risk assessments that are tailored to their  programs.  The framework states there is no universally accepted  approach for conducting fraud risk assessments since circumstances  among programs vary.  However, per leading practices, assessing fraud  risks generally involves five actions:() identifying inherent risks   the and those  fraud risks,  (3) determining fraud risk tolerance,  (4) examining the  suitability of existing fraud controls and prioritizing residual fraud risks,  and (5) documenting the program’s fraud risk profile.DLA has begun to examine some fraud risks associated with the LESO  program.  However, DLA officials acknowledged during our March 2017  meeting that they have not conducted a fraud risk assessment on the  LESO program to include the application process, and as such, has not  designed or implemented a strategy with specific control activities to  mitigate risks to the program.  We concluded that conducting such an  assessment could have program-wide improvements, including  strengthening the controls to verify the legitimacy of applicants.Overall, we concluded in our July 2017 report that DLA’s internal controls  did not provide reasonable assurance in preventing fraud.  Therefore, we  made four recommendations for DLA to:   review and revise policy or procedures for verifying and approving federal agency applications and enrollment;ensure compliance that DLA Disposition Services on-site officials transferring controlled property verify that persons picking up items have valid identification and are authorized to pick up allocated property from the LESO program;  issue guidance that requires DLA Disposition Services on-site officials to verify the type and quantity of approved items against the actual items being transferred prior to removal from the sites;  and  conduct a fraud risk assessment to design and implement a strategy with specific internal control activities to mitigate assessed fraud risks.DOD concurred with all of our recommendations and highlighted actions  to address each one.  Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Bordallo, and Members of the  Subcommittee, this concludes our prepared statement.My colleague, Mr.  McElrath, and I would be pleased to respond to any questions that you  may have at this time.  	 Contacts and AcknowledgmentsFor questions about this statement, please contact Zina D.  Merritt at (202)  512-5257 or merrittz@gao.gov or Wayne A. McElrath at (202) 512-2905  or mcelrathw@gao.gov. individuals making significant  contributions to this statement include:  Marilyn Wasleski, Assistant  Director;  Laura Czohara, Martin de Alteriis, Barbara Lewis, Felicia Lopez,  Maria McMullen, George Ogilvie, Richard Powelson, and Samuel Woo. a work of. the  The published be reproduced distributed entirety permission from GAO.  However, because this work may contain  copyrighted images or other material, permission from the copyright holder may be  necessary if you wish to reproduce this material separately.... [The rest of the report is omitted]

Summary:
<|eot_id|>
<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>

